"Adobe_AI_ML_Engineer"|" Develop high-performance, reliable, testable and maintainable code. Participating in all aspects of software development activities, including design, coding, code review, testing, bug fixing, and code/API documentation."," Collaborate with engineers and participate in daily or weekly stand ups and meetings. Grow with the support of your team and help others on the team grow by providing thoughtful feedback and uplifting those around you."," Work both independently and collaboratively within a fast-paced development team, with clear, positive, and constructive communication."," Additional responsibilities as needed based on specific role or teamWhat You Need to Succeed Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineer, or equivalent experience required"," 1-3+ years of experience in specific skill/field(s) Proficient in programming languages such as Ruby, Python, Javascript, etc."," Strong technical background with analytical and problem-solving skills Familiarity with client-side frameworks and libraries like React, Vue, Angular, Web Components."," Customer focused and have real passion for quality and engineering excellence at scale.  Excellent communication and collaboration skills.","The OpportunityAdobe is seeking talented and passionate Software Engineer across all organizations to help plan, design, develop, and test software systems or applications for software enhancements and new products used in local, networked, cloud-based or Internet-related computer programs and products."," Excellent problem solving and debugging skills, and direct experience with DevOps in a SaaS environment is a plus."|"Bug fixing","Code Review","Code/API documentation","Design","Efficiency","High performance","Maintaining software applications","Reliability","Testing","Collaboration","Feedback","Teamwork","Collaboration","Communication","Development","Quality assurance (QA)","JavaScript","Programming","Python","Ruby","Analytical skills","Angular","Front-end frameworks","Knowledge sharing","Problem Solving Skills","React.js","Strong communication skills","Vue","Collaboration","Communication","Customer needs","Quality assurance (QA)","Design","Development","Planning","Testing","Debugging","DevOps","Problem Solving Skills"
"Adobe_Junior_SDE"|"Were extending the Adobe Commerce product offering through SaaS design principles, moving more and more of the storefront into the cloud, facilitating effortless upgrades on the merchants side, and enhance our capabilities to deliver quality insights to both the merchant and the shopper.","Our team of 15+ people works in smaller product engineering teams. This allows us to be agile while working as part of a larger organization. Though we are established, in production, and iterating, there are plenty of challenges to overcome, decisions to be made, and new development to do."," Ensure high quality by following coding standard methodologies, code reviews, and providing automated tests."," Help improve the availability, performance, scalability, and security of the product. Adding monitoring and metrics."," Keep high levels of Security and Compliance with the Adobe Standards. Work in a Lean-Agile environment."," Knowledgeable in PHP. Understanding of the SQL. Shift Quality, Security and Observability left in the development process (unit, integration, performance, and UI; logging, tracing, monitoring, alerting)."," Knowledge of e-commerce and payments Experience in DevOps practices: IaC (Terraform preferred), CI systems (Jenkins preferred)","The OpportunityThe Adobe Commerce Services team is looking for a Junior Software Engineer to build secure and scalable high-traffic SaaS services. This group builds and maintains our collection of SaaS-based products for the Adobe Commerce merchants. We utilize the advantages of promoting containerization, clusters, and continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) methodologies."," Implement and deliver high-quality features for Adobe Commerce SaaS Services and Adobe Commerce. Help with designing features and architectural decisions"," Actively participate in the development and update of production infrastructure to the latest changes."," Participate in the full lifecycle of a project from concept to completion. Knowledgeable in Java (Spring Boot)."," Good understanding of DevOps practices and the Cloud Tech stack (AWS preferred). Knowledgeable (or eager to learn) in distributed systems architecture."," Effective communication skills. Fluent English.Are a plus Experience with Magento or Adobe Commerce."|"Cloud computing","Innovation","Quality Insights","SaaS Design Principles","Agile development","Decision making","Development","Teamwork","Automated tests","Quality control","Improvement","Metrics","Monitoring","Performance","Product development","Scalability","Security","Compliance","Efficiency","Lean-Agile environment","Observability","PHP","Programming","Security","Shift Quality","Software Development","SQL","CI systems","DevOps","Knowledge sharing","Terraform","CI/CD methodologies","Clusters","Containerization","Architecture Design","Designing Features","Infrastructure Development","Java","Spring Boot","Cloud Technology","DevOps","Distributed systems","Adobe Commerce","Magento"
"Adobe_Software_Engineering_Intern"|"As an Adobe Intern, you'll access socials, corporate social responsibility events, learning, and networking opportunities! You'll also be assigned a dedicated Manager to support you throughout your time within the business."," Frontend development (HTTP, HTML, JavaScript)  Cloud Engineering  Machine Learning / AIWith our AI-First approach to problem-solving, knowledge about AI is a great asset orthogonal to the areas above."," Share your approach and results with the team and community;  Work on a project that will reach production."," Passionate about programming with a solid understanding of concepts such as data structures, algorithms, OOP, AI;"," Good understanding of web technologies;  Excellent interpersonal skills;  Fluent in English, both written and verbal."," Hybrid WorkIn Basel we build Adobe Experience Manager (AEM), the industry leader in Experience Management. AEM helps our customers design, manage, and deliver high-quality digital experiencesfor the worlds biggest brands.","We are having multiple internship projects open in the following areas:  Backend development (Java and/or NodeJS)"," Analyze and design an approach  possibly using AI  to solve challenging problems of your project;"," Apply your programming skills and best engineering practices to realize the project;  Leverage cloud technologies to deploy and operate at scale;"|"Networking","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","Cloud Engineering","JavaScript","Machine learning","Teamwork","Algorithms","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","C++","Data structures","Java","OOP/Func Paradigms","Programming","Python","Communication","Interpersonal Skills","Adobe Experience Manager","Backend development","Java","Node.js","Analytical skills","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","Design","Cloud Technology"
"Adobe_Software_Quality_Engineer"|" Develop and maintain test automation frameworks, bringing to bear your hands-on expertise in programming languages such as JavaScript, React, or TypeScript.","What you need to succeed A B.E/B.Tech degree in computer science engineering, coupled with 3  proven experience in a known testing role is essential."," Proven analytical skills and excellent scripting/programming knowledge are required to thrive in this engineering position."," Outstanding problem-solving abilities and a proactive attitude to manage releases within tight deadlines, really committing to the task."," Excellent written and verbal communication skills to effectively interact with team members, collaborators, customers, and partners.","What youll do Successfully implement and test features and workflows in Acrobat Web, ensuring flawless performance and user experience."," Implement various testing methodologies, including integration, performance, acceptance, and system testing, to maintain high standards of quality."," Apply your sophisticated knowledge of HTML/JS web technologies, web debugging tools, and open source JS libraries (node, jQuery, etc.) to improve the testing process."," Collaborate with cross-functional teams to determine and address testing requirements and ensure seamless integration and deployment."|"JavaScript","Programming","React.js","TypeScript","Quality assurance (QA)","Testing","Analytical skills","Programming","Scripting","High performance","Problem Solving Skills","Time management","Communication","Implementation","Testing Workflows","Testing Methodologies","HTML","JavaScript","Open source tools","Web Debugging Tools","Collaboration","Deployment"
"Adobe_Software_Solutions_Architect"|"Were on the hunt for an experienced Solution Architect in the Product Development Organization. we are looking for you to be a key driver in ensuring the success of our customers, field teams, and partners with their implementation and adoption of Adobe Marketo and Journey Optimizer B2B. Youll collaborate with Adobes strategic customers to guarantee technical success, product adoption, and continuous improvement. By harnessing customer usage and feedback, youll identify and drive product innovation throughout the development lifecycle. Additionally, youll help establish standard methodologies and technical guides to enhance product adoption, enablement, and customer success across the broader Adobe ecosystem."," Collaborate with customers and implementation teams to understand and address functional requirements."," Tackle the most sophisticated technical challenges, from design to launch. Uphold and help define architectural standards while solving intricate architecture solutions."," Partner with engineering teams on company-wide initiatives spanning multiple projects to help solve for the problem."," Author and deliver use case and implementation guides for customer and partner reference. Find opportunities for product improvements and new solutions during the implementation process. Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams to drive product advancements aligned with customer use cases."," Team Orientation: Adaptability to the needs and demands of internal and external partners, promoting collaboration and partnership."," Effective Communication: Ability to convey sophisticated ideas both verbally and in writing, ensuring comprehension and acceptance among collaborators."," Leadership: Capability to lead customer meetings and work streams, coordinating across teams to manage expectations and progress."," Analytical and Problem-Solving Skills: Strong research, hypothesis development, and recommendation synthesis abilities, providing actionable insights."," Strategic and Tactical Direction: Providing comprehensive strategic direction with a deep understanding of tactical details to ensure project success and alignment."," Engineering Leadership: Experience collaborating with product managers and engineering teams to drive features and innovation."," Technical Familiarity: Knowledge of REST APIs, web and mobile technologies (browsers, cookies, HTML, JavaScript), enabling effective technical solutions."," Advertising and Customer Experience Technology: Experience with DMPs, DSPs, Ad servers, Ad Exchanges, Cross-Device Tracking platforms, Email systems, customer data marts, etc., optimizing customer engagement."," Data Warehousing and Customer Data Environments: Familiarity with data storage, movement, security, and CRM systems, ensuring robust data management.","The OpportunityHello, Were the Customer Engineering Team (CET) at Adobe, a group of creative problem-solvers who love helping B2B marketing automation teams crush their business goals by adding features and capabilities to our products. Were in a unique spot where we get to build software products with guidance from some of our biggest customers in the world. If youre passionate about tech and love a good challenge, youll fit right in!","As part of our team you will build shape and increase our products to help customer implement their sophisticated requirements of performance, automation and features while working with a team of excellent engineers inside and around the Adobe engineering organization."," Provide solution architecture recommendations and enablement across applications and services, acting as a trusted advisor to ensure customer success and business scalability."," Work with customers, support teams, product, and engineering to resolve critical issues and drive product requests to resolution."," Track and present status changes and recommendations to executives and customers based on product state and roadmap working with Product Managers and Engineering Leads to help set the right direction.","What You'll Need to Succeed Deep Experience with Enterprise Architecture: Proficiency with Adobe cloud solutions, Data retention and ensuring seamless integration and optimization."," Interpersonal: Ability to work across business and technical partners with high energy, personal drive, and positivity, fostering strong relationships."," Passion for Learning: Enthusiasm for new challenges and staying updated on industry and technology trends, driving continuous improvement."," Technical Curiosity: Willingness to dive deep into technology to resolve issues and establish technical credibility, enhancing problem-solving capabilities."," Implementation Experience: Leading implementation efforts of business applications at large enterprise customers, ensuring successful deployment and adoption."|"Adobe Marketo","Collaboration","Continuous improvement (CI)","Customer engagement","Product adoption","Product development","Technical leadership","Collaboration","Architecture Design","Architecture Solutions","Leadership","Problem Solving Skills","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Collaboration","Implementation","Product Advancements","Product development","Collaboration","Teamwork","Communication","Effective Communication","Leadership","Progress Management","Teamwork","Actionable Insights","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills","Research","Leadership","Strategic planning","Collaboration","Innovation","Leadership","Team collaboration","HTML","JavaScript","Mobile technologies","Programming","REST APIs","Web development","Cross-Device Tracking platforms","Customer engagement","Data Management Platforms (DMPs)","Demand-side Platforms (DSPs)","Email systems","CRM systems","Data management","Data Mining","Data storage","Security","Creative Solutions","Problem Solving Skills","Automation","Customer needs","Feedback","Performance","Product development","Solution architecture","Collaboration","Customer needs","Problem Solving Skills","Resolution Drive","Product Management","Recommendation Systems","Tooling","Adobe Cloud Solutions","Data Retention","Enterprise Architecture","Optimization","Collaboration","Interpersonal Skills","Continuous improvement (CI)","Problem Solving Skills","Technical leadership","Implementation"
"Amazon_Cloud_Support_Engineer_ETL"|"DESCRIPTIONAs a Cloud Support Engineer you will learn at an accelerated pace how to use and leverage many different cloud technologies to help our customers succeed. You will act as the Cloud Ambassador across AWS products, providing our customers with required tools and tactics to scale their impact in world-wide markets. The Big Data (Distributed Processing) role supports our services that leverage data and produce business insights, which include hadoop ecosystem and component/applications: Apache Spark, Apache Hive, Presto, Map-Reduce, Zookeeper, HBASE, HDFS, YARN and Pig. In this role, engineers interact with customers that reach out to AWS via email, chat or phone, helping our customers use and integrate Big Data services in what is arguably our industrys most exciting space. Engineers develop Subject Matter Expertise in one or more services. Engineers also collaborate with internal teams to provide the required support services to AWS customers. In addition, engineers also work on team functions, automation/optimization projects and continually work on improving operational efficiency.","A day in the lifeYour day as a Cloud Support Engineer will include, but not be limited to, the following activities:  You will be primarily responsible for solving customers cases through a variety of contact channels (telephone, email, and web/live chat), applying advanced troubleshooting techniques to provide tailored solutions and working with them to dive deep into the root cause of an issue. You will drive initiatives that improve support-related processes and our customers experience. These can include tutorials, how-to videos, technical articles, trainings, among others. You will leverage your customer support experience to provide feedback to internal AWS teams on how to improve our services, and work on critical, highly complex customer problems that may span multiple AWS services. You will be continuously learning innovative technologies, and developing new technical skills and other professional competencies. You will act as interviewer in hiring processes, and coach/mentor new team members. PLEASE NOTE: This role requires the flexibility to work 5 days a week (occasionally on weekends) on a rotational basis. Schedules may align to Sunday - Thursday, Tuesday  Saturday or Monday - Friday. Want to know whats it like to be a Support Engineer at AWS?","Take a look https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GC3bWcFFZTo About the teamAWS Support Engineering is a customer-facing global organization that provides technical support to our customers as well as our internal teams. As a member our team, you will be at the forefront of this transformational technology, operating on a follow-the-sun model. You will be assisting a global list of companies and developers that are taking advantage of a growing set of services and features to run their mission-critical applications. About AWS Diverse ExperiencesAWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the preferred qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasnt followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, dont let it stop you from applying. Why AWS?Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the worlds most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating  thats why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses.Inclusive Team CultureHere at AWS, its in our nature to learn and be curious. Our employee-led affinity groups foster a culture of inclusion that empower us to be proud of our differences.","BASIC QUALIFICATIONS- 1+ years of software development, or 1+ years of technical support experience- Experience troubleshooting and debugging technical systems- Bachelors degree in Engineering/Computer Science/ Mathematics or any related field or a minimum of 1+ years of related professional and/or military experience and an in-depth understanding of ETL (Extract, Transform, Load), able to create ETL pipelines to ingest data into datalake/warehouse with simple to complex transformations and troubleshoot ETL job issues. Intermediate to advanced expertise in ETL tools such as Talend, Informatica or similar. Knowledge or Experience with Networking and troubleshooting (TCP/IP, DNS, OSI model, routing, switching, firewalls, LAN/WAN, traceroute, iperf, dig, cURL or related). Understanding of OS concepts(memory, storage and CPU usage).","PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS- Knowledge or experience with Hadoop ecosystems (Apache Spark, Apache Hive), Presto/Trino. Advanced SQL and query performance tuning skills.- Knowledge or experience in data lake architecture, administration and data analysis techniques such as quantitative or qualitative analysis.- Knowledge or experience in various big data or distributed systems (NoSQL, search and streaming).- Be able to read and understand Python, Scala, Java and Shell code.- Understanding of cloud computing concepts and/or experience with any cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud).","As a Cloud Support Engineer you will learn at an accelerated pace how to use and leverage many different cloud technologies to help our customers succeed. You will act as the Cloud Ambassador across AWS products, providing our customers with required tools and tactics to scale their impact in world-wide markets. The Big Data (Distributed Processing) role supports our services that leverage data and produce business insights, which include hadoop ecosystem and component/applications: Apache Spark, Apache Hive, Presto, Map-Reduce, Zookeeper, HBASE, HDFS, YARN and Pig. In this role, engineers interact with customers that reach out to AWS via email, chat or phone, helping our customers use and integrate Big Data services in what is arguably our industrys most exciting space. Engineers develop Subject Matter Expertise in one or more services. Engineers also collaborate with internal teams to provide the required support services to AWS customers. In addition, engineers also work on team functions, automation/optimization projects and continually work on improving operational efficiency.","Ongoing events and learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences, inspire us to never stop embracing our uniqueness.Mentorship & Career GrowthWere continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earths Best Employer. Thats why youll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional. Sales, Marketing and Global Services (SMGS)AWS Sales, Marketing, and Global Services (SMGS) is responsible for driving revenue, adoption, and growth from the largest and fastest growing small- and mid-market accounts to enterprise-level customers including public sector. The AWS Global Support team interacts with leading companies and believes that world-class support is critical to customer success. AWS Support also partners with a global list of customers that are building mission-critical applications on top of AWS services.","- 1+ years of software development, or 1+ years of technical support experience- Experience troubleshooting and debugging technical systems- Bachelors degree in Engineering/Computer Science/ Mathematics or any related field or a minimum of 1+ years of related professional and/or military experience and an in-depth understanding of ETL (Extract, Transform, Load), able to create ETL pipelines to ingest data into datalake/warehouse with simple to complex transformations and troubleshoot ETL job issues. Intermediate to advanced expertise in ETL tools such as Talend, Informatica or similar. Knowledge or Experience with Networking and troubleshooting (TCP/IP, DNS, OSI model, routing, switching, firewalls, LAN/WAN, traceroute, iperf, dig, cURL or related). Understanding of OS concepts(memory, storage and CPU usage).","- Knowledge or experience with Hadoop ecosystems (Apache Spark, Apache Hive), Presto/Trino. Advanced SQL and query performance tuning skills.- Knowledge or experience in data lake architecture, administration and data analysis techniques such as quantitative or qualitative analysis.- Knowledge or experience in various big data or distributed systems (NoSQL, search and streaming).- Be able to read and understand Python, Scala, Java and Shell code.- Understanding of cloud computing concepts and/or experience with any cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud)."|"Automation","Big data","Efficiency","Problem Solving Skills","Advanced Troubleshooting Techniques","Continuous improvement (CI)","Customer engagement","Mentorship","Customer engagement","Innovation","Technical leadership","Data analysis","Problem Solving Skills","Software Development","Data analysis","Programming","Quality assurance (QA)","Apache Hive","Apache Spark","Collaboration","Customer needs","HBASE","HDFS","Operational efficiency","Pig","Knowledge sharing","Mentorship","Extract, Transform, Load (ETL)","Networking","Operating Systems","Troubleshooting","Cloud computing","Data lake architecture","Hadoop ecosystems","Java","NoSQL","Python","Scala","Shell","SQL"
"Amazon_Graduate_Software_Engineer"|"Do you want to solve business challenges through innovative technology? Do you enjoy working on cutting-edge, scalable services technology in a team environment? Do you like working on industry-defining projects that move the needle? At Amazon, we hire the best minds in technology to innovate and build on behalf of our customers. The intense focus we have on our customers is why we are one of the worlds most beloved brands  customer obsession is part of our company DNA. Our Software Development Engineers (SDEs) use cutting-edge technology to solve complex problems and get to see the impact of their work first-hand. If this is you, come chart your own path at Amazon! The challenges SDEs solve for at Amazon are big and impact millions of customers, sellers, and products around the world. Were looking for individuals who are excited by the idea of creating new products, features, and services from scratch while managing ambiguity and the pace of a company whose ship cycles are measured in weeks, not years. Key job responsibilities- Collaborate with experienced cross-disciplinary Amazonians to conceive, design, and bring to market innovative products and services.- Design and build innovative technologies in a large distributed computing environment and help lead fundamental changes in the industry.- Create solutions to run predictions on distributed systems with exposure to innovative technologies at incredible scale and speed.","- Build distributed storage, index, and query systems that are scalable, fault-tolerant, low cost, and easy to manage/use.- Work in an agile environment to deliver high quality software.","- Previous technical internship(s) if applicable- Experience with distributed, multi-tiered systems, algorithms, and relational databases- Experience in optimization mathematics such as linear programming and nonlinear optimisation- Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions- Adept at handling ambiguous or undefined problems as well as ability to think abstractly.","- Graduated less than 24 months ago or about to complete a Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields at time of application- Although no specific programming language is required  you should be familiar with the syntax of languages such as Java, C/C++, or Python- Knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals such as object-oriented design, algorithm design, data structures, problem solving and complexity analysis."|"Collaboration","Creating solutions for distributed systems","Customer engagement","Designing and building innovative technologies","Innovation","Leadership","Teamwork","Agile environment","Distributed storage","Efficiency","Fault Tolerance","Problem Solving Skills","Scalability","Abstraction","Algorithms","Analytical skills","Communication","Distributed systems","Optimization","Problem Solving Skills","Relational databases","Technical articulation","Algorithm design","C++","Complexity analysis","Data structures","Java","Object-oriented design","Problem Solving Skills","Python"
"Amazon_SDE_AI_ML"|"Were on the lookout for the curious, those who think big and want to define the world of tomorrow. At Amazon, you will grow into the high impact, visionary person you know youre ready to be. Every day will be filled with exciting new challenges, developing new skills, and achieving personal growth. How often can you say that your work changes the world? At Amazon, youll say it often. Join us and define tomorrow. At Amazon, we hire the best minds in technology to innovate and build on behalf of our customers. The intense focus we have on our customers is why we are one of the worlds most beloved brands  customer obsession is part of our company DNA. Our interns write real software and collaborate with experienced software development engineers (SDEs) who guide interns on projects that matter to our customers. Key job responsibilities Collaborate with experienced cross-disciplinary Amazonians to conceive, design, and bring innovative products and services to market. Design and build innovative technologies in a large distributed computing environment, and help lead fundamental changes in the industry. Create solutions to run predictions on distributed systems with exposure to innovative technologies at incredible scale and speed. Build distributed storage, index, and query systems that are scalable, fault-tolerant, low cost, and easy to manage/use. Ability to design and code the right solutions starting with broadly defined problems."," Work in an agile environment to deliver high-quality software. A day in the lifeAs an intern, you will be matched to a manager and a mentor. You will have the opportunity to influence the evolution of Amazon technology and lead mission critical projects early in your career. Your design, code, and raw smarts will contribute to solving some of the most complex technical challenges in the areas of distributed systems, data mining, automation, optimization, scalability, and security  just to name a few. In addition to working on an impactful project, you will have the opportunity to engage with Amazonians for both personal and professional development, expand your network, and participate in activities with other interns throughout your internship. No matter the location of your internship, we give you the tools to own your project and learn in a real-world setting. Many of our technologies overlap, and you would be hard pressed to find a team that is not using Amazon Web Services (AWS), touching the catalogue, or iterating services to better personalize for customers. We make the impossible, possible. About the teamAt Amazon, were at the forefront of transformative AI, shaping the next generation of intelligent technologies. For over 25 years, weve been pioneering state-of-the-art AI and machine learning (ML) models to revolutionize customer experiences worldwide.","Now, were on the cusp of a new era, where AI holds the promise to reshape society and business in unprecedented ways. As part of our world-class team of AI expertsscientists, engineers, researchers, product builders, and public policy expertshere, youll have the opportunity to unlock the next frontiers of Artificial General Intelligence (AGI). We are looking for the brightest minds from a wide range of backgrounds and experiences. Join us in creating transformative AI solutions that will improve lives, solve global challenges, and open up new realms of possibilityfrom reinventing commerce and accelerating enterprise productivity to advancing universal agents and shaping the future of robotics.","- Experience in optimization mathematics such as linear programming and nonlinear optimization- Experience with distributed, multi-tiered systems, algorithms, and relational databases- Candidates with strong interests and academic qualifications/research focus in: Artificial Intelligence, machine learning, and/or Generative AI","- Knowledge of computer science fundamentals such as object-oriented design, operating systems, algorithms, data structures, and complexity analysis- Are 18 years of age or older- Experience with at least one modern language such as Java, Python, C++, or C# including object-oriented design- Currently enrolled in a Bachelors, Masters, or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, or majors relating to these fields, with an expected graduation date between 10/2025 - 9/2028"|"Coding skills","Collaboration","Innovation","Problem Solving Skills","System Design","Amazon Web Services (AWS)","Automation","Cloud computing","Data Mining","Distributed systems","Innovation","Optimization","Scalability","Security","Innovation","Transformative AI Solutions","Algorithms","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","Distributed systems","Generative AI","Machine learning","Optimization","Relational databases","Research","Algorithms","C#","C++","Complexity analysis","Data structures","Java","Object-oriented design","Operating Systems","Python"
"Amazon_SDE_Cloud"|"Amazon Web Services (AWS) internships are full-time (40 hours/week) for 12 consecutive weeks during summer. By applying to this position, your application will be considered for all locations we hire for in the United States. This position requires that the candidate selected be a U.S. citizen and be eligible to obtain and maintain an active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph. At Amazon, we hire the best minds in technology to innovate and build on behalf of our customers. The focus we have on our customers is why we are one of the worlds most beloved brands  customer obsession is part of our company DNA. Our interns write real software and collaborate with a select group of experienced software development engineers (SDEs) who guide interns on projects that matter to our customers. As an intern, you will be matched to a manager and a mentor. You will have the opportunity to influence the evolution of Amazon technology and lead mission critical projects early in your career. Your design, code, and raw smarts will contribute to solving some of the most complex technical challenges in the areas of distributed systems, data mining, automation, optimization, scalability, and security  just to name a few. In addition to working on an impactful project, you will have the opportunity to engage with Amazonians for both personal and professional development, expand your network, and participate in activities with other interns throughout your internship.","No matter the location of your internship, we give you the tools to own your project and learn in a real-world setting. Many of our technologies overlap, and you would be hard pressed to find a team that is not using Amazon Web Services (AWS), touching the catalogue, or iterating services to better personalize for customers. If this opportunity interests you, apply and come chart your own path at Amazon. Key job responsibilities Collaborate with experienced cross-disciplinary Amazonians to conceive, design, and bring innovative products and services to market. Design and build innovative technologies in a large distributed computing environment and help lead fundamental changes in the industry. Create solutions to run predictions on distributed systems with exposure to innovative technologies at incredible scale and speed.","- Are enrolled in a Bachelor's degree or above in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, or majors relating to these fields with a graduation date between December 2025 - September 2026- Experience with at least one modern language such as Java, Python, C++, or C# including object-oriented design","- Knowledge of the syntax of languages such as Java, C/C++ or Python.  Knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals such as object-oriented design, algorithm design, data structures, problem solving, and complexity analysis."|"Automation","Collaboration","Customer engagement","Data Mining","Distributed systems","Innovation","Leadership","Networking","Optimization","Scalability","Security","Software Development","Amazon Web Services (AWS)","Collaboration","Distributed systems","Innovation","Innovative technologies","C#","C++","Java","Object-oriented design","Python","Quality assurance (QA)","Algorithm design","C++","Complexity analysis","Compute technologies","Data structures","Java","Object-oriented design","Problem Solving Skills","Programming","Python"
"Amazon_SDE_Embedded_Dev"|"Do you want to solve business challenges through innovative technology? Do you enjoy working on cutting-edge, scalable services technology in a team environment? Do you like working on industry-defining projects that move the needle? At Amazon, we hire the best minds in technology to innovate and build on behalf of our customers. The intense focus we have on our customers is why we are one of the worlds most beloved brands  customer obsession is part of our company DNA. Our Software Development Engineers (SDEs) use cutting-edge technology to solve complex problems and get to see the impact of their work first-hand. The challenges SDEs solve for at Amazon are big and impact millions of customers, sellers, and products around the world. Were looking for individuals who are excited by the idea of creating new products, features, and services from scratch while managing ambiguity and the pace of a company whose ship cycles are measured in weeks, not years. If this is you, come chart your own path at Amazon! Key job responsibilities- Collaborate with experienced cross-disciplinary Amazonians to conceive, design, and bring to market innovative products and services.- Design and build innovative technologies in a large distributed computing environment and help lead fundamental changes in the industry.- Create solutions to run predictions on distributed systems with exposure to innovative technologies at incredible scale and speed.","- Build distributed storage, index, and query systems that are scalable, fault-tolerant, low cost, and easy to manage/use.- Work in an agile environment to deliver high quality software.","- Graduated less than 24 months ago or about to complete a Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields at time of application- Knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals - Programming experience in C or Java / Rust - Knowledge in databases - Experience with Operating systems and Kernel Internals, Rust programming","- Previous technical internship(s) if applicable - Experience with distributed, multi-tiered systems, algorithms, and relational databases - Experience such as linear programming and nonlinear optimisation - Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions - Adept at handling ambiguous or undefined problems as well as ability to think abstractly - Experience with Distributed Systems: Large Scale Database, Multi-tenant, Highly Available Systems, Fault Tolerance, Disaster Recover, or Transactional Systems"|"Creating new products","Creative Solutions","Innovation","Teamwork","Agile environment","Distributed storage","Efficiency","Fault Tolerance","Scalability","Teamwork","C","Compute technologies","Databases","Java","Kernel","Operating Systems","Programming","Rust","Abstraction","Algorithms","Availability","Disaster Recovery","Distributed systems","Fault Tolerance","Large Scale Databases","Linear Programming","Multi-tenant Systems","Nonlinear Optimization","Problem Solving Skills","Relational databases","Transactional Systems"
"Amazon_SDE_I"|"Were on the lookout for the curious, those who think big and want to define the world of tomorrow. At Amazon, you will grow into the high impact, visionary person you know youre ready to be. Every day will be filled with exciting new challenges, developing new skills, and achieving personal growth. How often can you say that your work changes the world? At Amazon, youll say it often. Join us and define tomorrow. Do you want to solve business challenges through innovative technology? Do you enjoy working on cutting-edge, scalable services technology in a team environment? Do you like working on industry-defining projects that move the needle?At Amazon, we hire the best minds in technology to innovate and build on behalf of our customers. The focus we have on our customers is why we are one of the worlds most beloved brands  customer obsession is part of our company DNA. Our Software Development Engineers (SDEs) use cutting-edge technology to solve complex problems and get to see the impact of their work first-hand. Key job responsibilities Collaborate with experienced cross-disciplinary Amazonians to conceive, design, and bring innovative products and services to market. Design and build innovative technologies in a large distributed computing environment and help lead fundamental changes in the industry. Create solutions to run predictions on distributed systems with exposure to innovative technologies at incredible scale and speed."," Build distributed storage, index, and query systems that are scalable, fault-tolerant, low cost, and easy to manage/use. Design and code the right solutions starting with broadly defined problems. Work in an agile environment to deliver high-quality software. A day in the lifeThe challenges SDEs solve for at Amazon are big and influence millions of customers, sellers, and products around the world. We are looking for individuals who are passionate about creating new products, features, and services from scratch while managing ambiguity and the pace of a company where development cycles are measured in weeks, not years."," Currently enrolled in or completed a Bachelors Degree or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or majors relating to these fields. To qualify, applicants should have earned a Bachelors degree or higher between October 2023 and Fall 2025 and/or graduated within the last 24 months.  Possible start dates for this role are between January 2025 and October 2025  Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design  Internship, project, or academic experience in at least one of the areas: internals, kernel, OS/storage systems, job scheduling, resource management, file systems, search, or performance engineering"," Previous technical internship(s), if applicable. Experience with distributed, multi-tiered systems, algorithms, and relational databases. Experience in optimization mathematics such as linear programming and nonlinear optimization. Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions. Adept at handling ambiguous or undefined problems as well as ability to think abstractly."|"Collaboration","Innovation","Problem Solving Skills","Agile development","Agile environment","Ambiguity Management","Distributed systems","Innovation","Problem Solving Skills","C#","C++","File systems","Java","Job scheduling","Kernel","Object-oriented design","Operating Systems","Performance engineering","Programming","Quality assurance (QA)","Resource management","Abstraction","Algorithms","Analytical skills","Articulation","Communication","Optimization","Problem Solving Skills","Relational databases","System Design"
"Amazon_SDE_Query_Optimization"|"Amazon Web Services (AWS) internships are for 12 consecutive weeks during summer. By applying to this position, your application will be considered for the locations listed on this posting. Amazon Redshift is the worlds most popular fully managed cloud data warehouse. Tens of thousands of enterprise customers use Redshift to crunch through exabytes of data in the cloud to make business critical decisions every day. To stay ahead in such a mission critical setting, at Redshift, we must always re-invent ourselves for customers. We are always looking for the innovative engineers to help shape the future of Redshift. About the team Query Processing team is at the heart of Redshift data plane and is responsible for query analysis, query optimization and massively parallel execution engine. Query Processing team is focused on maintaining Amazon Redshifts lead on price-performance. Query Processing team delivers extreme performance by uniquely combining novel techniques for distributed query planning, code generation, query compilation, query scheduling, resource-planning, and superscalar query execution with optimized data encodings accessed with high performance SIMD kernels, and hardware conscious algorithms. We also work closely with AWS platform teams in shaping requirements for next generation platforms to run database/analytics applications. Our team consists of industry leading innovators, with multitudes of patents and research publications in this space.","We are a fun-loving team, that is passionate about ideating, designing and delivering query processing and overall database architecture towards extreme performance. We are distributed across many locations in US, Germany, and are expanding in other geographies. This is a unique and rare opportunity to get in on the ground floor within a fast-growing business and help shape the technology powering analytical workloads for Fortune 500 companies, startups, and everything in between. You will bring deep technical, algorithmic and coding expertise with the ability to work within a fast moving and collaborative environment in the industry leading cloud company to deliver a broad business impact. If this sounds exciting to you - come build the future with us! Key job responsibilitiesAs a software engineer in vectorized query execution team, you will: Design and implement state-of-the-art distributed data processing algorithms for the parallel execution query engine. Identify opportunities for performance improvement by in-depth analysis of the query plan and query execution states. Deploy and monitor new features in a highly available and fault tolerant system running in the cloud.","- Are enrolled in a academic program that is physically located in the United States- Knowledge of computer science fundamentals such as object-oriented design, operating systems, algorithms, data structures, and complexity analysis- Are 18 years of age or older- Experience with at least one modern language such as Java, Python, C++, or C# including object-oriented design- Work 40 hours/week minimum and commit to 12 week internship maximum- Experience managing teams- Are enrolled in a Bachelor's degree or above in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, or majors relating to these fields with graduation conferral date after December 2025","- Knowledge of programming languages such as C/C++, Python, Java or Perl- Experience with distributed, multi-tiered systems, algorithms, and relational databases- Experience in optimization mathematics such as linear programming and nonlinear optimization"|"Amazon Redshift","Cloud Data Warehouse","Innovation","Innovative Engineers","Parallel Execution Engine","Query Analysis","Query optimization","Research","Teamwork","Algorithmic Expertise","Algorithms","Analytical skills","Cloud computing","Coding skills","Collaboration","Deep learning","Innovation","Performance","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Algorithms","C#","C++","Complexity analysis","Data structures","Java","Object-oriented design","Operating Systems","Python","Requirements gathering","Algorithms","C++","Database management","Distributed, multi-tiered systems","Java","Optimization","Perl","Programming","Python","Relational databases"
"Amex_Backend_Engineer"|"We are building the GAR Communications platform using an event driven micro services architecture. Looking to build a brand-new team to contribute to development that augments a globally distributed team of engineers. This role is for a java engineer located in Sunrise, Florida. This is a dream opportunity for any engineer wanting to be working on cutting edge technology and has enough challenging work to learn, contribute and impress. Our team works in an environment that promotes openness, experimentation, and debates. Winning arguments are always based on logic and never on seniority or title. Come join us to learn, contribute and teach.","Actively participate in the various engineering forums to learn from others as well as educate others.","Stays informed on the latest trends in the industry and at American Express and adopt them as needed . Familiar with Agile development methodologies.","Experience with design and coding across one or more object-oriented platforms and languages.Java  building reactive micro services is preferable.","Experience with the Reactive framework such as Spring Webflux or Vert.x.Experience in ReactJS, Javascript and UI/UX preferred","Knowledge of automated build / continuous delivery, experience of Maven and Jenkins.Hands-on experience with application design, software development and relational and noSQL databases.","Communicates effectively with Technical, Operational, and Business colleagues.Must be proactive, enthusiastic, flexible, and results driven.","As part of our diverse tech team, you can architect, code and ship software that makes us an essential part of our customers digital lives. Here, you can work alongside talented engineers in an open, supportive, inclusive environment where your voice is valued, and you make your own decisions on what tech to use to solve challenging problems. American Express offers a range of opportunities to work with the latest technologies and encourages you to back the broader engineering community through open source. And because we understand the importance of keeping your skills fresh and relevant, we give you dedicated time to invest in your professional development. Find your place in technology of #TeamAmex.","Experience in Java 8/11/17/21 programming and SpringBoot is needed.Desirable to have cloud experience, especially Docker, Kubernetes and Microservice architecture.","Desirable to have experience with performance and monitoring tools e.g. Splunk, App Dynamics, Dynatrace."|"Contribution","Cutting edge technology","Event driven micro services architecture","Java","Teamwork","Communication","Agile development","Knowledge sharing","Trend Identification","Coding skills","Design","Java","Object-oriented design","Software Development","JavaScript","Programming","React.js","Spring Webflux","User Interfaces (UI)","Vert.x","Web development","Application Design","Continuous Delivery (CD)","Database management","Jenkins","Maven","NoSQL","Relational databases","Software Development","Communication","Teamwork","Open source tools","Cloud infrastructure","Docker","Java","Kubernetes","Microservices","Spring Boot","Performance Monitoring Tools"
"Amex_Engineer_Java"|"Enterprise Communications Platform provides uni and bi-directional cross-channel communications and brings an Enterprise and Customer First approach. It encapsulates domain agnostic generic technology functions into Enterprise Shared Services to promote re-usability and consistency across communication journeys. Our platform primarily focuses on fulfillment and delivery of servicing related Customer Communications irrespective of communication channels like Email, Letters, Push Notification, SMS, WhatsApp, Secure Message Center etc"," Function as a smart developer on an agile team by contributing to software builds through consistent development practices (tools, common components, and documentation)"," Automate deployments in test or production environments Leadership Takes accountability for the success of the team achieving their goals"," Be a productivity multiplier for your team by analyzing your workflow and contributing to enable the team to be more effective, productive, and demonstrating faster and stronger results."," Bachelors Degree in computer science, computer science engineering, or related experience required; advanced degree preferred."," Experience with design and coding in Java and across one or more platforms and additional languages as appropriate."," Experience and thorough understanding of XML, JSON, web services technologies, and data structure fundamentals, with experience in multi-threaded programming"," UI experience using React, Node a plus Backend experience including NoSQL, and relational databases such as Oracle, PostgreSQL a plus"," Hands-on expertise with application design, software development and automated testing Experience with distributed (multi-tiered) systems, algorithms, and relational databases"," Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.","How will you make an impact in this role? Perform technical aspects of software development for assigned applications including design, developing prototypes, and coding assignments."," Build robust software Responsible for deployment, support, and monitoring of software across test, integration, and production environments."," Influence team members by challenging status quo, demonstrating risk taking, and implementing innovative ideas"," Mentor and guide team members to success within the team Education & Experience Required Qualifications:"," Confirmed experience with object-oriented design and coding with variety of languages Experience with continuous integration/deployment (Git, github actions, Jenkins, Maven, , Mockito,, JMeter)."," Should have excellent problem-solving and analytical skills."|"Communication","Consistency","Cross-channel Communications","Customer engagement","Reusable","Agile methodology","Consistent Development Practices","Documentation","Software architecture","Software Development","Teamwork","Accountability","Leadership","Analyzing Workflow","Efficiency","Team collaboration","Requirements gathering","Coding skills","Java","Programming","Data structures","JSON","Multithreading programming","Programming","Web Services","XML","Backend development","Node.js","NoSQL","Oracle","PostgreSQL","Programming","React.js","User Interfaces (UI)","Algorithms","Application Design","Automated tests","Distributed systems","Relational databases","Software Development","Communication","C++","Coding skills","Design","Java","Python","Software Development","Deployment","Monitoring","Support Applications","Innovative ideas","Mentorship","Continuous improvement (CI)","Object-oriented design","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills"
"Amex_Software_Engineer"|"Job DescriptionWho we are:The Finance Data Engineering group at American Express is entering into a new phase of technology transformation driven by opportunities to simplify processes, deepen business intelligence, analytics and reporting, and raise operational efficiency. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative products and services at a rapid pace, with hands on experience and strategic thinking, in areas of data management and analytics, cloud computing, and modern software engineering, join our leadership team to be part of our transformation journey.","What were looking for:Youre a talented, creative, and motivated engineer who loves developing powerful, stable, and intuitive apps  and youre excited to work with a team of individuals with that same passion. Youve accumulated years of experience, and youre excited about taking your mastery of Java, Kotlin, Python, or JavaScript to a new level. You enjoy challenging projects involving big data sets and are cool under pressure. Youre no stranger to fast-paced environments and agile development methodologies  in fact, you embrace them. With your strong analytical skills, your unwavering commitment to quality, your excellent technical skills, and your collaborative work ethic, youll do great things here at American Express."," Communicates, collaborates, and proactively engages with teammates (and cross-functional teams alike) to ensure requirements are delivered on-time."," Solid Engineering Principles (OOP/Func Paradigms, TDD, DDD, SoC, Microservices, Caching Strategies)."," Experience with at least one or more languages: Java, Kotlin, Go, Python, JavaScript, C++. Experience with relational database engines (ie: MySQL, Postgres, MemSQL)"," Experience with CICD pipelines (ie: Jenkins/CircleCI/XLR/Git/GitHub Actions) Experience with different architectures: (ie: mvc, microservices, async/event-based, task-based, workflow-based, ETLs, data pipelines) a plus."," Experience with highly available, reliable, and secure APIs, services a plus. Experience with cloud-based infrastructure resources (DevOps, CloudOps, SecOps, or SRE experience a plus)"," Accountable to team for delivery of quality work.Preferred Qualifications Strong analytical skills and programming skills."," Experience with container technologies and runtimes (docker, containerd, Kubernetes, EKS, ECS, etc)"|"Analytical skills","C++","Cloud computing","Cloud Technology","Data management","Innovation","Java","NoSQL","Python","Software Engineering","SQL","Analytical skills","Collaboration","Java","JavaScript","Kotlin","Python","Quality Commitment","Teamwork","Collaboration","Communication","Teamwork","Caching Strategies","Databases","Microservices","OOP/Func Paradigms","SoC","TDD","Technical leadership","C++","Database management","Golang","Java","JavaScript","Kotlin","MemSQL","MySQL","PostgreSQL","Programming","Python","async/event-based","CICD pipelines","CircleCI","data pipelines","Extract, Transform, Load (ETL)","Git","GitHub Actions","Jenkins","Microservices","Model, View, Controller (mvc)","Software Development","Cloud Technology","CloudOps","DevOps","SecOps","Site Reliability Engineering (SRE)","Strong analytical skills","Containerization","ECS","EKS","Kubernetes","Runtimes"
"Apple_SWE_Internal_Tools"|" Experience in Unix or macOS system administration, including scripting and automation.  Strong software development skills."," Demonstrated ability to design, implement, and maintain complex, distributed systems.  Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in a team environment. Our team owns a large CI system to build and test compilers, Xcode, and other core libraries at Apple. We work closely with the compiler teams to help them publish new functionality to the Apple development pipeline. We also work very closely with the Xcode development team to help ensure Xcode is shipped internally to Apple developers regularly and meets our quality expectations. This role is a critical piece in the Apple development pipeline and the work here impacts thousands of Apple engineers every day. We contribute to a variety of interesting projects within the Developer Experience and Developer Tools domain, helping to shape the delivery of tools that millions of people use every day to build applications for Apple products! Our department solves some hard problems and we are looking for an engineer who is excited about understanding and developing new innovative service-based solutions. This is the perfect role for someone who is inquisitive, not afraid of digging deep into code to root-cause issues, and loves architecting new tools and solutions!","In this role you will be working to design, develop, and maintain tools that enable internal users to test and experiment with software component changes, such as within the compiler. Our team builds self-service platforms for internal clients to access development, integration, and debugging tools. You will also work on the releases of Xcode, helping the compiler teams with integration testing, and operating a large-scale continuous integration system for Apple's operating systems. Your efforts will help to improve the developer experience within the department and across Apple. You will need to communicate clearly with clients and stakeholders to align process, fix inefficiencies, and help find more innovative solutions to complex problems. In this position, you have the opportunity to work closely with engineers in every layer of Apple's infrastructure: hardware, compilers, build systems, operating systems, and internet services. You'll be most successful here as a proactive engineer who thrives in a supportive, respectful, and balanced work environment with interesting challenges to tackle.","The role's responsibilities include:  Creating and maintaining internal tools that help engineering teams to be more productive  Collaborating with our engineering teams debugging and solving issues with builds  Helping the team understand software design trade offs and demonstrating critical thinking  Encouraging teammates and helping drive team productivity, for example on code reviews and development projects  Cross-functional communication with other teams. You will be part of a small team working across time zones in California, Tokyo, and London"," UNIX system administration, familiarity with common system monitoring tools, and software debugging skills"," Experience maintaining and monitoring Infrastructure as code (IaC) Knowledge of build dependencies and ordering considerations"," Experience evaluating software design trade-offs and demonstrating critical thinking Has worked in a development team; can champion development standards"," Swift development experience Experience debugging software using tools such as debuggers, logging frameworks, and/or profiling tools.","Posted: Feb 25, 2025Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200578375The Developer Experience and Operations department is looking for an proactive problem solver to help us develop new tools and services for the build infrastructure used by the Xcode and Tools & Frameworks teams within Apple. We are looking for an engineer with:"," Proficiency with scripting languages, for example Python or Bash Experience designing, developing, and deploying software solutions."," Ability to configure and use build systems to compile and package software."|"macOS","Programming","Scripting","Strong software development skills","Technical leadership","Unix","Collaboration","Communication","Critical thinking","Design","Implementation","Innovation","Maintaining software applications","Teamwork","Communication","Innovation","Objective-C","Problem Solving Skills","SwiftUI","Teamwork","Collaboration","Communication","Critical thinking","Debugging","Multitasking","Problem Solving Skills","Software Design","Teamwork","Compute technologies","software debugging skills","system monitoring tools","UNIX system administration","Build dependencies","Infrastructure as code (IaC)","Monitoring","Critical thinking","Teamwork","Debugging","Logging","Profiling","Software Development","SwiftUI","Build infrastructure","Objective-C","Problem Solving Skills","SwiftUI","Bash","Python","Software Solutions","Build Systems","Packaging Software","Software Compilation"
"Apple_Software_Engineer_WatchOS"|"Posted: Feb 18, 2025Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200591641Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish! The watchOS System Experience group is seeking a new colleague join us in shaping the future of Apple Watch. As a software engineer on the team, you will be responsible for developing new user and developer-facing features such as Widgets and Live Activities. Youll collaborate with passionate and creative colleagues to meet ambitious goals in an environment that requires constant curiosity and growth. Are you ready to be in the middle of the action?","As a software engineer on the watchOS System Experience team, you will implement new features and craft elegant APIs that delight developers and users alike. Youll be working with engineers across Apple to unlock creative possibilities while preserving a consistent and reliable system experience across all of Apples platforms. Youll join us in energetic discussions of each others work and ideas and be an advocate and resource for the unique needs of Apple Watch and watchOS. Curious and enterprising individuals who take an expansive view of their role will thrive in this multi-disciplinary environment, where youll have the opportunity to collaborate with experts across Apple. Come join us!"," Experience optimizing and profiling applications Systems knowledge, such as experience with inter-process communication"," Experience improving and expanding on existing complex projects A strong intuition for UI/UX design"," Solid computer science fundamentals; a specific degree or concentration is not required Proficiency with Swift and SwiftUI (or the capacity to become proficient quickly)"|"Collaboration","Innovation","Collaboration","Creative Solutions","Innovation","Experience Optimization","Inter-process Communication","Knowledge sharing","Profiling Applications","System Design","Creative Solutions","Innovation","User experience (UX)","SwiftUI"
"Apple_Webkit_Engineer"|"You will be responsible for expanding WebKits support for important new web technologies, as well as identifying and addressing cases where Safari fails to properly display and execute web content. Specific job duties will include: * Implementing new web engine features. * Reading and understanding web standards specifications. * Creating demos and test cases for new and existing web technologies. * Analyzing web pages to create reduced test cases for compatibility problems. * Narrowing down bugs reported in WebKit applications. * Interacting with developers on the Open Source WebKit project. * Interacting with the web standards community, including other browser vendors. Compatibility with web specifications is an important part of the web platform, where content is meant to work properly across multiple operating systems and browsers. You can help Apple provide the highest quality experience interacting with web content across our entire product line."," Detailed knowledge of web standards such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and the DOM Must be able to understand C++ code by reading it","Posted: Feb 18, 2025Role Number:200576611Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The Safari and WebKit team is responsible for Safari, the worlds fastest web browser. WebKit is also the name of the Open Source iOS and macOS framework that powers Mail, iBooks, and many other applications. As a WebKit Web Compatibility Engineer you will be responsible for expanding WebKits support for new web standards features, as well as addressing compatibility and performance issues in Safari and WebKit"," BS in Computer Science or equivalent education or work experience Strong skills in a manual memory managed (e.g., pointer-based) language such as C, C++, or Objective-C."," Experience with UIKit, AppKit, and CFNetwork. Experience with systems programming and inter-process communication."|"Bug fixing","Collaboration","Compatibility","Development","Innovation","Problem Solving Skills","Quality assurance (QA)","Test cases","Web development","Web Standards","C++","CSS","HTML","JavaScript","Programming","Compatibility Testing","Performance optimization","Web Standards","C","C++","Objective-C","AppKit","CFNetwork","Inter-process Communication","Systems programming","UIKit"
"Comcast_Software_Engineer_Coop"|"Make your mark at Comcast -- a Fortune 30 global media and technology company. From the connectivity and platforms we provide, to the content and experiences we create, we reach hundreds of millions of customers, viewers, and guests worldwide. Become part of our award-winning technology team that turns big ideas into cutting-edge products, platforms, and solutions that our customers love. We create space to innovate, and we recognize, reward, and invest in your ideas, while ensuring you can proudly bring your authentic self to the workplace. Join us. Youll do the best work of your career right here at Comcast. (In most cases, Comcast prefers to have employees on-site collaborating unless the team has been designated as virtual due to the nature of their work. If a position is listed with both office locations and virtual offerings, Comcast may be willing to consider candidates who live greater than 100 miles from the office for the remote option.)","Job SummaryDiscover opportunities designed to set your career in motion! The Comcast Cooperative Experience Internship Program will help you cultivate meaningful relationships, develop strong interpersonal and business skills, gain exposure to the day-to-day operations of a Fortune 40 media and technology company, and receive mentorship opportunities to expand your professional network. This program immerses students into the daily operation of a contemporary media and technology company while working side-by-side with Comcasts top innovators. The student becomes an integral part of the Comcast team working on creative, innovative, and thought-provoking projects within various business units.","Job DescriptionOrganization & Team OverviewThe Comcast device security and content protection platform secures X1, the best entertainment media experience on the market. The Trusted Computing Products team is responsible for all aspects of the architecture, design, development, and operations of the identity provisioning and authentication, content encryption, and DRM license services that back the secure video delivery on Comcasts X1 platform. Our deliverables include a group of distributed and highly scalable hosted services, as well as client-side and embedded systems work that enables best-in-class video experiences across a diverse set of platforms.","Write software that contributes to mission-critical security services. Implement client-side security libraries for diverse device population (embedded, mobile, and desktop). Build test and deployment automation that powers CI/CD pipelines. Integrate AI/ML toolchains and structured data backends for deployment automation, software validation, system health analysis, error discovery, classification and remediation.","Minimum Qualifications and Eligibility Requirements Currently pursuing a bachelors degree from Drexel University, with a cooperative learning track.","We are confident that student software engineers on the Trusted Computing Products team would expand their technical background and strengthen their knowledge of computer science fundamentals and software engineering practices."," Technical: Software implementation, Test and Deployment automation, Version control. Preferred Majors: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, and Information Technology."|"Innovation","Product development","Solution Creation","Teamwork","Business operations","Business Skills","Innovation","Interpersonal Skills","Mentorship","Networking","Project Management","C++","Cloud computing","Encryption","Java","MongoDB","MySQL","Oracle","Python","Security","Security Protocols","Teamwork","AI/ML","Automation","C++","Data analysis","Data management","Java","MySQL","PostgreSQL","Python","Security","Software Development","Quality assurance (QA)","Knowledge sharing","Software Engineering Practices","Software Engineering","Test and Deployment automation","Version control"
"Figma_Data_Scientist_Early_Career"|"The Data Science team at Figma partners directly with our product and engineering teams to uncover insights, influence decision making, and apply a data lens to business problems critical to Figmas growth. Our work is diverse and evolving. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work on a wide range of technical challenges from data engineering, analytics, experimentation, and machine learning. We seek data scientists with strong coding and statistics fundamentals and who are excellent communicators among technical and non-technical audiences. This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs in the United States.","What you'll do at Figma:  Collaborate with cross-functional teams including Product, Engineering, Research, Design, Sales, and Marketing to turn business questions into data problems"," Experience with Python or similar scripting language Firm knowledge around statistical methods and models"," A self-starting approach along with strong communication and collaboration skills"," Evaluate experiments to measure the impact of product changes Define and surface metrics to guide decision making"," Communicate and document data logging and requirements Build models to understand user behavior and predict growth"," Provide thoughtful feedback to others on the teamIn your first few months, you'll: Work with an onboarding buddy to make your first edits to our data tables and dashboards","We'd love to hear from you if you have: A strong baseline in statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics or other quantitative field"|"Analytical skills","Coding skills","Communication","Data Engineering","Data Science","Machine learning","Statistics","Collaboration","Cross-functional collaboration","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Knowledge sharing","Python","Statistical methods and models","Statistics","Collaboration","Communication","Strong communication skills","Evaluate Experiments","Communication","Documentation","Modeling","User behavior prediction","Data structures","Strong communication skills"
"Figma_Web_Developer"|"As a Web Developer at Figma, you will play a vital role in building and maintaining our web platform. You'll be responsible for working with a multi-functional team of designers, marketers, data scientists, and engineers to develop and maintain Figma's marketing site, designsystems.com, and event sites. You will be working with a variety of modern web technologies including React, NextJS, Gatsby, Typescript, GraphQL, headless CMS (Sanity/Contentful) and other NodeJS based frameworks. Your role will also include collaborating on OKR planning, roadmapping, onboarding new team members, and managing vendor relationships."," Collaborate closely with Engineering, Growth, Brand, and SEO teams to ensure reliable, performant, accessible, and secure sites."," 2+ years of development experience using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  Experience in React/Typescript, frameworks (NextJS, Gatsby), and headless content management systems (Sanity, Contentful)."," Proficiency in building accessible, responsive, and visually appealing UIs, with a solid understanding of UI/UX principles, experience collaborating closely with designers, and a solid focus on QA and testing."," Ability to work in a multi-functional team environment using Agile development methodologies.While not required, its an added plus if you also have:"," Familiarity with cloud infrastructure, CI/CD strategy and deployment processes. Demonstrable experience with backend technologies (NodeJS, Express), and database operation/management.","What youll do at Figma: Be a core contributor to the development, optimization, and infrastructure of the Figma marketing website."," Develop and maintain high-quality user interfaces, ensuring accessibility standards are met and conducting visual QA to deliver polished, user-friendly experiences."," Participate in code reviews and provide feedback to other engineers on the team. Troubleshoot and debug issues as they arise."," Solid understanding of conversion rate optimization standard methodologies, using A/B testing to achieve results."|"Collaboration","Gatsby","GraphQL","Next.js","Node.js","OKR planning","React.js","roadmapping","Teamwork","TypeScript","Web development","Accessibility","Collaboration","Cross-functional collaboration","Performance","Security","Teamwork","CSS","HTML","JavaScript","Programming","React.js","Software Frameworks","TypeScript","Web development","Collaboration","Quality assurance (QA)","Teamwork","User experience (UX)","Agile development","Collaboration","Teamwork","Backend development","CI/CD","CI/CD strategy","Cloud infrastructure","Database management","Deployment practices","Express","Node.js","Infrastructure Development","Optimization","Accessibility","User interface development","Visual QA","Code Review","Debugging","Troubleshooting","A/B testing","Conversion rate optimization"
"Github_Software_Engineer"|"OverviewAs a software engineer at GitHub, you will enhance the collaboration experience at GitHub by working closely with a community of engineers and designers with a distributed, diverse and passionate team delivering the services that millions of developers depend on. In this role you will design, prototype, implement, ship and support highly performant and inspiring user experiences with your team.","We are looking for creative problem solvers and diverse thinkers, people who care about culture as well as customers and features. We believe that how we do things is as important as what we do. Big vision, a common purpose, passion for quality, curiosity, dedication, and investment in fun and collaboration are what lead to great results. Great products reflect the teams that build them."," Design, develop, test and ship high-quality technical solutions that scale across multiple GitHub services."," Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and implement innovative solutions. Provide technical leadership, mentorship, pairing opportunities, and code reviews to encourage the growth of others."," Write architecture briefs and proposals, carry out code experiments, and build prototypes to learn how we can achieve planetary scale with our systems.","Required Qualifications 1+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python"," Experience using front-end frameworks like React.js Understanding of REST principles and experience with backend APIs"," Strong written and verbal communication skill Passionate about healthy team culture and collaboration"," Customer-obsessed Ship to learn Growth mindset Own the outcome Better together Diverse and inclusive","As a software engineer at GitHub, you will enhance the collaboration experience at GitHub by working closely with a community of engineers and designers with a distributed, diverse and passionate team delivering the services that millions of developers depend on. In this role you will design, prototype, implement, ship and support highly performant and inspiring user experiences with your team."," Design and implement APIs to facilitate seamless integration between software components. Utilize CI/CD tools to set up automated pipelines for continuous integration and delivery."," Become intimately familiar with the systems you build and take pride in writing maintainable code."," 1+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python"," Experience with Git and GitHub Experience using Azure technologies is a bonus Experience using front-end frameworks like React.js"," Understanding of REST principles and experience with backend APIs Strong written and verbal communication skill"," Passionate about healthy team culture and collaboration Comfortable working transparently in an agile environment and soliciting feedback from peers."," Diverse and inclusiveManager fundamentals Model Coach CareLeadership principles Create clarity"|"High performance","Teamwork","Collaboration","Creative Problem Solving","Innovation","Design","Development","Efficiency","High-quality systems","Problem Solving Skills","Technical leadership","Testing","Code Review","Collaboration","Leadership","Mentorship","Technical leadership","Architecture Design","Exploration","Innovation","Prototyping","Compute technologies","Programming","Software Engineering","Web development","Communication","Teamwork","Teamwork","Collaboration","Design","Implementation","Prototyping","Support Applications","User experience (UX)","Automation","DevOps","Java","JavaScript","Python","Maintainable code","C","C#","C++","Golang","Java","JavaScript","Python","Ruby","Rust","Azure technologies","Git","GitHub","React.js","APIs","Strong communication skills","Agile environment","Collaboration","Feedback","Leadership","Modeling"
"Github_Software_Engineer_2"|"OverviewAs a software engineer at GitHub, you will enhance the collaboration experience at GitHub by working closely with a community of engineers and designers with a distributed, diverse and passionate team delivering the services that millions of developers depend on. In this role you will design, prototype, implement, ship and support highly performant and inspiring user experiences with your team.","We are looking for creative problem solvers and diverse thinkers, people who care about culture as well as customers and features. We believe that how we do things is as important as what we do. Big vision, a common purpose, passion for quality, curiosity, dedication, and investment in fun and collaboration are what lead to great results. Great products reflect the teams that build them."," Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and implement innovative solutions. Provide technical leadership, mentorship, pairing opportunities, and code reviews to encourage the growth of others."," Write architecture briefs and proposals, carry out code experiments, and build prototypes to learn how we can achieve planetary scale with our systems."," Design and implement APIs to facilitate seamless integration between software components. Utilize CI/CD tools to set up automated pipelines for continuous integration and delivery.","Required Qualifications Experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python"," Experience using front-end frameworks like React.js Understanding of REST principles and experience with backend APIs"," Strong written and verbal communication skill Passionate about healthy team culture and collaboration","As a software engineer at GitHub, you will enhance the collaboration experience at GitHub by working closely with a community of engineers and designers with a distributed, diverse and passionate team delivering the services that millions of developers depend on. In this role you will design, prototype, implement, ship and support highly performant and inspiring user experiences with your team."," Design, develop, test and ship high-quality technical solutions that scale across multiple GitHub services."," Become intimately familiar with the systems you build and take pride in writing maintainable code."," Experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python"," Experience with Git and GitHub Experience using Azure technologies is a bonus Experience using front-end frameworks like React.js"," Understanding of REST principles and experience with backend APIs Strong written and verbal communication skill"," Passionate about healthy team culture and collaboration Comfortable working transparently in an agile environment and soliciting feedback from peers."|"Innovation","Teamwork","Collaboration","Creative Problem Solving","Creative Solutions","Quality assurance (QA)","Code Review","Collaboration","Leadership","Mentorship","Technical leadership","Architecture Design","Autonomy","Innovation","Prototyping","Automation","DevOps","Java","JavaScript","Python","Software Development","Compute technologies","Programming","Requirements gathering","Software Engineering","Backend development","Frontend development","Communication","Leadership","Teamwork","Collaboration","Design","Implementation","Prototyping","Support Applications","User experience (UX)","Design","Development","High-quality systems","Technical leadership","Testing","Maintainable code","C","C#","C++","Golang","Java","JavaScript","Python","Ruby","Rust","Azure technologies","Front-end frameworks","Git","GitHub","React.js","APIs","Agile environment","Collaboration","Feedback"
"Google_ML_Analyst"|" Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of experience in data analysis, including identifying trends, generating summary statistics, and drawing insights from quantitative and qualitative data."," 1 year of experience managing projects and defining project scope, goals, and deliverables. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in a quantitative discipline."," 2 years of experience with one or more of the following languages: SQL, R, Python, or C++. 1 year of experience with machine learning systems."," Experience building machine learning solutions (e.g., data exploration, feature engineering, modeling) that were integrated into production systems."," Excellent problem-solving and communication skills with attention to detail in a fluid environment.","Trust & Safety team members are tasked with identifying and taking on the biggest problems that challenge the safety and integrity of our products. They use technical know-how, excellent problem-solving skills, user insights, and proactive communication to protect users and our partners from abuse across Google products like Search, Maps, Gmail, and Google Ads. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic team-player with a passion for doing whats right. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google engineers and product managers to identify and fight abuse and fraud cases at Google speed - with urgency. And you take pride in knowing that every day you are working hard to promote trust in Google and ensuring the highest levels of user safety.","As a member of the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Protection Analytics team, you will help deliver trusted experiences for Google Cloud users by building products that prevent abuse while ensuring Google Cloud customers are able to seamlessly grow on Cloud. We are a small team with a direction, and we leverage our user trust expertise, machine learning and problem solving skills, and a cross-product perspective to build and deliver enterprise-ready, industry-leading solutions.","At Google we work hard to earn our users trust every day. Trust & Safety is Googles team of abuse fighting and user trust experts working daily to make the internet a safer place. We partner with teams across Google to deliver bold solutions in abuse areas such as malware, spam and account hijacking. A diverse team of Analysts, Policy Specialists, Engineers, and Program Managers, we work to reduce risk and fight abuse across all of Googles products, protecting our users, advertisers, and publishers across the globe in over 40 languages."," Analyze and solve complex problems using data and statistical methods. Identify and prevent fraud and abuse."," Perform data analysis to drive decision-making for our team, such as monitoring the rollout of new models, analyzing the impact of machine learning model changes, or investigating the root cause of unanticipated changes in key metrics."," Produce dashboards, short write-ups, and data visualizations to convey your findings and recommendations to our team and cross-functional stakeholders."," Improve tools and automated systems through data analysis, technical expertise, and present to stakeholders."|"Data analysis","Insights Drawing","Statistics Generation","Trend Identification","Project Management","Quality assurance (QA)","C++","Machine learning","Python","R","SQL","Data exploration","Feature engineering","Machine learning","Modeling","Communication","Problem Solving Skills","Cross-functional collaboration","Efficiency","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Technical leadership","User insights","User safety","Machine learning","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Analytical skills","Programming","Protection","Safety","Security","Teamwork","Analytical skills","Fraud Prevention","Problem Solving Skills","Analytical skills","Data analysis","Decision making","Communication","Data analysis","Data visualization","Data analysis","Presentation skills","Technical leadership"
"Google_ML_Engineer_Silicon"|" Experience in an SoC development environment. Experience in reference model development. Experience or knowledge of AI and ML accelerators.","Be part of a diverse team that pushes boundaries, developing custom silicon solutions that power the future of Google's direct-to-consumer products. You'll contribute to the innovation behind products loved by millions worldwide. Your expertise will shape the next generation of hardware experiences, delivering unparalleled performance, efficiency, and integration.","In this role, you will create and maintain a software environment for reference Machine Learning (ML) accelerator c-models. You will develop a system model that expands the team to work across organizations for ML accelerator integration. As a silicon engineer, you will work with architects, implementation designers, verification engineers and SoftWare engineers for providing bit-accurate system c-models and specifications.","Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our team combines the best of Google AI, Software, and Hardware to create radically helpful experiences. We research, design, and develop new technologies and hardware to make computing faster, seamless, and more powerful. We aim to make people's lives better through technology."," Create and maintain software architecture for Machine Learning (ML) accelerator. Implement, modeling, analyzing and testing ML accelerator."," 2 years of experience in programming using (C/C++, Python) in industry setting. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree or PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or Computer Science, with an emphasis on computer architecture."," Develop software environment for ML accelerator development and simulation. Supporting delivery of ML accelerator c-models for implementation, verification."," Integrating the ML accelerator into compiler software environment."|"AI and ML accelerators","AI/ML","Machine learning","SoC","Efficiency","Innovation","Performance","C","Collaboration","Communication","Software Development","Software Engineering","Design","Development","Efficiency","Hardware design","Improvement","Innovation","Research","Implementation","Machine learning","Testing","C++","Compute technologies","Python","AI and ML accelerators","Implementation","Simulation","Software Development","Verification","AI and ML accelerators","Compilers"
"Google_Software_Engineer_Youtube_Design"|" Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript)."," 1 year of experience with data structures or algorithms. 1 year of experience with full stack development, across back-end such as Java, Python, GO, or C++ codebases, and front-end experience including JavaScript or TypeScript, HTML, CSS or equivalent."," Experience with C++ or TypeScript.About the jobGoogle's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Googles needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.","At YouTube, we believe that everyone deserves to have a voice, and that the world is a better place when we listen, share, and build community through our stories. We work together to give everyone the power to share their story, explore what they love, and connect with one another in the process. Working at the intersection of cutting-edge technology and boundless creativity, we move at the speed of culture with a shared goal to show people the world. We explore new ideas, solve real problems, and have fun  and we do it all together."," Develop and maintain high-quality software solutions, including building new features and platform functionality for Studio Web, developing and maintaining Studio Mobile application solutions on various tech stacks and creating corresponding documentation for platform offerings."," Collaborate within the engineering team, participate in the design, implementation, testing, and deployment phases of software development, engaging in code reviews."," Collaborate with cross-functional teams (e.g., UX, Product, Quality Assurance) to understand user needs and deliver quality experiences."|"C","C++","Java","JavaScript","Python","Quality assurance (QA)","Backend development","C++","CSS","Experience with algorithms","Experience with data structures","Frontend development","Full stack development","Golang","HTML","Java","JavaScript","Python","TypeScript","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","C++","Compute technologies","Data storage","Distributed computing","Information retrieval","Innovation","Large-scale system design","Natural language processing (NLP)","Networking","Programming","Security","TypeScript","User Interfaces (UI)","Collaboration","Communication","Creative Solutions","Innovation","Documentation","Maintaining software applications","Software Development","Code Review","Collaboration","Deployment","Design","Implementation","Software Development","Testing","Collaboration","Cross-functional collaboration","Quality Experiences"
"Google_UX_Designer"|" Bachelor's degree in Design (e.g., Interaction, Graphic, Visual Communications, Product, Industrial), Human-Computer Interaction, Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent practical experience."," Portfolio highlighting design principles for web or mobile platforms. Preferred qualifications: Certification in Grow with Google, UX Design, or similar."," Excellent leadership, communication and collaboration skills. Aesthetic excellence, i.e., color, layout, motion, typography, etc.","At Google, we follow a simple but vital premise: "Focus on the user and all else will follow." Googles Interaction Designers take complex tasks and make them intuitive and easy-to-use for billions of people around the globe. Throughout the design processfrom creating user flows and wireframes to building user interface mockups and prototypesyoull envision how people will experience our products, and bring that vision to life in a way that feels inspired, refined, and even magical. Google User Experience (UX) is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of UX Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers: we care deeply about the people who use our products. The UX team plays an integral part in gathering insights about the attitudes, emotions, and behaviors of people who use our products to inspire and inform design. We collaborate closely with each other and with engineering and product management to create industry-leading products that deliver value for the people who use them, and for Googles businesses. As an Interaction Designer, youll rely on user-centered design methods to craft industry-leading user experiencesfrom concept to execution. Like all of our UX jobs, youll collaborate with your design partners to leverage and evolve the Google design language to build beautiful, innovative, inspired products that people love to use.","As the Searchbox and Suggest team, we're helping people achieve this goal by expanding the mental model of what it means to "Google it". We're developing more natural ways to search beyond text and helping people articulate their real intent so they can gain access to richer, more powerful answers.","User experience is at the forefront of how we create intuitive, innovative, and beautiful products that people love. We strive to learn and understand our users needs, behaviors, and emotions to gather insights that inform product strategy and design. Our UX teams include designers, researchers, content strategists, and engineers who are passionate about quality, usability, and simplicity. We work on collaborative teams to solve complex challenges and craft experiences that highlight our products unique capabilities and personalities. Our work touches billions while exemplifying a key principle that is core to Googles philosophy: Focus on the user and all else will follow."," Collaborate with product managers, engineers, researchers, writers, and cross-functional stakeholders to understand requirements, and provide creative solutions."," 1 year of experience working as a UX Designer on scaled, consumer-facing digital products. Experience with industry standard design tools (e.g., Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch, InVisio, Figma, Principle, etc.)."," Experience designing across multiple platforms (e.g., Android, iOS, and Web). Experience working within existing design systems."," Help to define the user model and user interface for Google products and features. Develop detailed storyboards, mockups, and prototypes to communicate interaction and design ideas."," Evaluate the usability of new and existing products and make constructive suggestions for change."|"Quality assurance (QA)","User experience (UX)","Web development","Collaboration","Communication","Leadership","Collaboration","User experience (UX)","User interface mockups","User workflows","User-centered design","Wireframes","Innovation","Collaboration","Content Strategy","Innovation","Product development","Research","User experience (UX)","Collaboration","Creative Solutions","Experience with design tools","Designing across multiple platforms","Prototyping","User Interfaces (UI)","Usability Evaluation"
"HPE_AI_ML_Engineer"|"0T3811 - AI and Machine Learning Engineer I (TCP_01) Job Family: Engineering - AI and Machine Learning Engineering Job Family Definition: Develops and programs integrated software algorithms to structure, analyze and leverage structured and unstructured data in product and systems applications. Can work with large scale computing frameworks, data analysis systems, and modeling environments. ","Uses machine learning and statistical modeling techniques to improve product/system performance, data management, quality, and accuracy. Formulates descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive insights/algorithms and translates technical specifications into code. Applies, optimizes and scales deep learning technologies and algorithms to give computers the capability to visualize, learn and respond to complex situations. Documents procedures for installation and maintenance, completes programming, performs testing and debugging, defines and monitors performance metrics. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","software algorithms ","structured and unstructured data ","large scale computing ","frameworks, data analysis systems, and modeling environments "|"Machine learning","Data analysis","Data Quality","Data visualization","Debugging","Deep learning","Machine learning","Optimization","Statistical Modeling","Testing","Teamwork","Algorithms","Structured Data","Unstructured Data","Large Scale Computing","Modeling","Software Frameworks","System Design"
"HPE_Cloud_Developer"|"0T3911 - Cloud Developer I (TCP_01) Job Family: Engineering - Cloud Engineering Job Family Definition: The Cloud Developer builds from the ground up to meet the needs of mission-critical applications, and is always looking for innovative approaches to deliver end-to-end technical solutions to solve customer problems. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","solving, prototyping, designing, and implementing cloud-based solutions ","effective and efficient delivery, deployment, operation, monitoring, and support of Cloud engagements "|"Innovation","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Cloud Technology","Design","Problem Solving Skills","Prototyping","Continuous Delivery (CD)","Deployment","DevOps","Efficiency","Monitoring"
"HPE_Data_Scientist"|"0T0551 - Data Scientist I (TCP_01) Job Family: Engineering - Data Science Job Family Definition: Designs, develops and applies programs, methodologies and systems based on advanced analytic models (e.g. advanced statistics, operations research, computer science, process) to transform structured and unstructured data into meaningful and actionable information insights that drive decision making. ","descriptive, inferential and predictive insights). Embeds analytics into clients business processes and applications. Combines business acumen and scientific methods to solve business problems. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Participates in the analysis and validation of data sets/solutions/user experience. ","Aids in the development, enhancement and maintenance of a client's metadata based on analytic objectives. May load data into the infrastructure and contributes to the creation of the hypothesis matrix. Prepares a portion of the data for the Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) / hypotheses. ","Contributes to building models for the overall solution, validates results and performance. Contributes to the selection of the model that supports the overall solution. ","Supports the research, identification and delivery of data science solutions to problems. Supports visualization of the model's insights, user experience and configuration tools for the analytics model. ","Basic data mapping, data transfer and data migration skills. Basic understanding of analytics software (eg. R, SAS, SPSS, Python). ","Basic communication and presentation skills. Basic data knowledge of relevant data programming languages. ","predictive insights ","Basic knowledge of machine learning, data integration, and modeling skills and ETL tools (eg. Informatica, Ab Initio, Talend) "|"Decision making","Statistics","Analytical skills","Business operations","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Collaboration","Data Validation","Data analysis","Data loading","Data management","Data preparation","Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)","Hypothesis Matrix","Problem Solving Skills","Data visualization","User experience (UX)","Data analysis","Python","R","SPSS","Statistical Analysis System (SAS)","Data analysis","Predictive Analytics","Data Integration","Extract, Transform, Load (ETL)","Machine learning","Modeling"
"HPE_Electrical_Hardware_Engineer"|"0T1011 - Electrical/Hardware Engineer I (TCP_01) Job Family: Engineering - Electrical/Hardware Engineering Job Family Definition: Designs, analyzes, develops, modifies and evaluates electrical/electronic parts, components, subsystems, algorithms, or integrated circuitry for electrical/electronic equipment and other hardware systems. Conducts feasibility studies, design margin and validation analyses and empirical testing on new and modified designs. Assists in architecture development and assessment. Evaluates reliability of materials, properties, designs, and techniques used in production. May direct support personnel in the preparation of detailed design, design testing and prototype fabrication. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Participates as a member of project team of other electrical hardware engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Understanding of design for electronic components, integrated circuitry, and algorithms. ","Understanding of thermal and electromagnetic properties of materials and managing emissions. Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. "|"Analytical skills","Design","Development","Evaluation","Product development","Reliability","Testing","Teamwork","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills","Communication"
"HPE_Engineer"|"Work consists of designing, developing, analyzing, troubleshooting and debugging systems, software and solutions for research and/or research development of product, services, and solutions for HPEs portfolio. ","communicating technical strategy within the organization ","test plans for existing designs, including validation of mechanical, electrical, software, and other engineering specifications and requirements "|"Debugging","Design","Software Development","Communication","Technical leadership","Validation"
"HPE_Engineering_Program_Manager"|"0T1201 - Engineering Program Manager I (TCP_01) Job Family: Engineering - ENG-Project/Program Management Job Family Definition: Provides support and/or lead teams through the Engineering development process and implementation of companys products. Projects are typically shorter-term, less complex and more contained with a defined time frame. Programs are typically longer-term, multi-functional, multiproject with complex requirements and effort. Manage activities, resource capability, schedules, budgets, and ensure cross company communications to facilitate product completion on schedule within budget. Work with engineering management to identify and improve process and program efficiencies. Work can involve external parties such as standards bodies, partners, etc. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Supports a single to a few projects within a medium scale program involving one or more functions driving the engineering development and implementation process for products or service offerings. ","Provides development support for project communications, including creation of status reports and summaries, tracking escalations and resolutions of issues, coordinating stakeholder meetings and updates, and updating documentation. ","Typically 0-2 years experience. Knowledge and Skills: Experience or understanding of project planning tools and software packages. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. "|"Collaboration","Communication","Efficiency","Leadership","Project Management","Teamwork","Autonomy","Documentation","Organization","Project Management","Reporting","Project Management","Analytical skills","Communication","Problem Solving Skills"
"HPE_Experience_Design_Engineer"|"Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Analyzes or designs portions of user experience solutions for products and service lines based on established design requirements and principles and in accordance with design strategy, practices, and guidelines. ","Tests and gathers user experience data using established research methodology; describes and reports data using standard metrics and methods. ","Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development partners on user experience design and development. ","Participates as a member of one or more project team of other designers and internal and internal/outsourced design and development partners to develop holistic, high- quality user experience solutions for low to moderately-complex projects, products, and services. ","Ability to perform basic user experience research, collect data, and summarize results. Good analytical and problem solving skills. ","Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Impact/Scope: Collaborates with peers. ","user experience "|"Teamwork","Analytical skills","Autonomy","Data analysis","Collaboration","Teamwork","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills","Collaboration","Communication","User experience (UX)"
"HPE_Industrial_Engineer"|"Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Designs portions of engineering solutions, including methods, operation sequences, and processes for the manufacturing of parts, component sub- assemblies, and final assemblies, based on established engineering principles and in accordance with provided specifications and requirements. ","Participates as a member of project team of other manufacturing engineers and internal and outsourced manufacturing partners to develop and execute reliable, cost effective and high quality manufacturing solutions for low to moderately- complex products from new-product introduction through end of lifecycle. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Basic understanding of material properties and hardware and electrical component design. "|"Teamwork","Decision making","Problem Solving Skills","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills"
"HPE_Mechanical_Engineer"|"0T1031 - Mechanical/Hardware Engineer I (TCP_01) Job Family: Engineering - Mechanical/Hardware Job Family Definition: Designs, analyzes, develops, modifies and evaluates materials, mechanical systems, equipment and packaging. Conducts feasibility, design margin and validation analysis and empirical testing on new and modified designs. Leads and/or assists in architecture development and assessment. Evaluates reliability of materials, properties, designs, and techniques used in production. May direct support personnel and/or partner organizations in the preparation of detailed design, design testing, prototype fabrication, and production tooling. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Participates as a member of project team of other mechanical hardware engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products. ","Education and Experience Required: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Mechanical Engineering. Typically 0-2 years experience Knowledge and Skills: Experience or understanding of ProEngineer or other 3D CAD software as a mechanical design tool. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Understanding of design for sheet metal and plastic parts and associated production tooling and processes. "|"Analytical skills","Design","Evaluation","Leadership","Prototyping","Reliability","Testing","Teamwork","Teamwork","CAD Software","Problem Solving Skills"
"HPE_Product_Engineer"|"0T1081 - Product Engineer I (TCP_01) Job Family: Engineering - Product Engineering Job Family Definition: Partners with R&D and New Product Introduction (NPI) Supply Chain groups to successfully introduce new products into world-wide production. Product Engineers interface with R&D, factory process engineering, Test Engineering and reliability engineering to solve product quality or yield problems. Responsible to sustain products through cost reductions seeking yield improvements. ","Analyzes samples of defective units/sub-assemblies, reports the results to the appropriate design engineering, manufacturing engineering, test engineering and quality engineering team(s) as well as to the manufacturing group or area and/or vendor where the issue occurred, and recommends or implements changes to the product or process as applicable. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Participates as a member of project team of other product engineers to develop and execute reliable, cost effective and high quality manufacturing solutions for products from newproduct introduction through end of lifecycle. ","Tests, troubleshoots, and debugs defective product units, sub-assemblies, and process steps based on established testing plans; validates testing parameters and summarizes test results. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Basic understanding of material properties and hardware and electrical component design. "|"Product development","Process improvement","Quality control","Teamwork","Problem Solving Skills","Quality assurance (QA)","Teamwork","Problem Solving Skills","Quality assurance (QA)","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills"
"HPE_Product_Manager"|"Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Contributes to standard product development plan. ","Contributes towards data collation on customer requirements, target customer segments and business case to bring innovative and disruptive products to market. ","Technical understanding and knowledge of the relevant industry. Knowledge and Skills: Basic understanding of product development. ","Basic skills in cost modeling efficient solutions, and financial performance metric analysis. Basic business acumen and knowledge of root cause analysis and problem detection. ","planning, design, forecasting, and production; to end of life "|"Teamwork","Autonomy","Innovation","Product development","Analytical skills","Financial literacy","Problem Solving Skills","Forecasting","Project Management"
"HPE_Quality_Assurance_Engineer"|"Develops, modifies, and executes software test strategies, plans and suites. Analyzes and writes test standards and procedures. Maintains documentation of test results to assist in debugging and modification of software. Analyzes test results to ensure existing functionality and recommends corrective action. May develop tools and environments to automate test execution. Consults with development engineers in resolution of problems. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development partners on software applications design and development. ","Participates as a member of project team of other software quality assurance engineers and internal and outsourced quality assurance partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately-complex products. ","Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures. Good analytical and problem solving skills. "|"Documentation","Efficiency","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Collaboration","Problem Solving Skills","Quality assurance (QA)","Teamwork","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills"
"HPE_Quality_Engineer"|"Ensures compliance of manufacturing and production processes with internal and external safety, quality and regulatory standards requirements for worldwide distribution. Designs methods and procedures for inspecting, testing and evaluating the precision and accuracy of production processes, production equipment and finished products. Performs analysis of reports and production data to identify trends and recommend updates or changes to design, test, manufacturing, quality standards and procedures when necessary. Recommends performance objectives for engineering, test, manufacturing, product and design functions. May assure compliance to in-house and/or external specifications and standards (i.e. Six Sigma, Lean Sigma and others). ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Implements and assists with designing portions of quality requirements, processes, and practices into the development, design, manufacturing, and continuous improvement of portions of a product or solution. ","Typically 0-2 years experience. Knowledge and Skills: Experience or understanding of engineering and testing tools and software packages. ","Good analytical, statistics, and problem solving skills. Basic understanding of material properties, hardware and electrical component design and manufacture, and industry quality standards and methodologies. ","Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. HR.HPE.COM "|"Data analysis","Lean Sigma","Problem Solving Skills","Quality control","Six Sigma","Teamwork","Quality assurance (QA)","Testing","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills","Communication"
"HPE_Research_Engineer"|"0T1361 - Research Engineer I (TCP_01) Job Family: Engineering - Research Engineering Job Family Definition: This family may span multiple research and engineering disciplines. Working within Hewlett Packard Labs, initiates the investigation, design, development, execution, and implementation of scientific research projects. Applies scientific principles and concepts to potential inventions and innovation for the company products, services and solutions. Plans and executes research in support of established research agenda. May coordinate organizational and research efforts, across single or multiple labs and disciplines. Maintains substantial knowledge of state-of-the-art research and engineering principles and theories. May contribute to scientific literature and conferences, and may participate in development of patent applications. Participates in activities to establish thought leadership, intellectual property (IP), and technical influence internal and external to the company. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Participates as a member of team of other research engineers carrying out the investigation, design, development, execution, and implementation of scientific research projects to generate new products, technologies, and intellectual property. ","Performs laboratory experiments and activities supporting scientific research in accordance with research plan specifications and guidelines and established procedures. ","Collects, records, and analyzes data using established protocols and analysis processes. Assists in the preparation of literature and presentations for peer review, publication, and delivery at industry and scientific events and conferences; produces supporting documentation for patent applications. ","Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and external partners for scientific research and product development. ","Typically 0-2 years experience, including graduate or postgraduate research. Knowledge and Skills: Experience or understanding of scientific design and data collection methodologies, tools and analysis packages. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Understanding of experimental design, scientific procedures and processes, and data analysis. "|"Development","Implementation","Innovation","Research","Scientific research","Teamwork","Teamwork","Scientific research","Publications","Research","Collaboration","Data analysis","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills","Research"
"HPE_SW_Engineer_Firmware"|"0T1341 - SW Engineer Firmware I (TCP_01) Job Family: Engineering - SW Engineering (Firmware) Job Family Definition: Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs and modifies firmware (e.g., DSP, embedded code, BIOS). ","Work often involves analog and digital hardware and real-time operating systems. Position requires knowledge and exposure to hardware design. Typically programs in machine language, assembly language and high-level languages (e.g., C, C++). ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Executes established test plans and protocols for assigned portions of code; identifies, logs, and debugs assigned issues. ","Participates as a member of project team of other firmware engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately-complex products. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Understanding of firmware and hardware design principles. ","Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures. Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. "|"Analytical skills","Debugging","Design","Firmware Development","Assembly Language","C","C++","Hardware design","Operating Systems","Teamwork","Analytical skills","Debugging","Logging","Efficiency","Teamwork","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills","Communication"
"HPE_Software_Designer"|"0T1301 - Software Designer I (TCP_01) Job Family: Engineering - SW Engr (Applications) Job Family Definition: Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs, and modifies software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked, or Internet- related computer programs, primarily for end users. Using current programming language and technologies, writes code, completes programming, and performs testing and debugging of applications. Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance. May interact with users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Codes and programs enhancements, updates, and changes for portions and subsystems of enduser applications software running on local, networked, and Internet- based platforms based on specific requirements and instructions. ","Executes established test plans and protocols for assigned portions of code; identifies, logs, and debugs assigned issues. ","Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development partners on software applications design and development. ","Participates as a member of project team of other software applications engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Understanding of design for software applications running on multiple platform types. ","Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures. Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. "|"Debugging","Documentation","Maintaining software applications","Programming","Requirements gathering","Software Development","Software testing","Teamwork","Application Design","Programming","Debugging","Logging","Collaboration","Code Review","Collaboration","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills","Software Design","Communication"
"HPE_Systems_Software_Engineer"|"Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Codes and programs enhancements, updates, and changes for portions and subsystems of systems software, including operating systems, compliers, networking, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools Executes established test plans and protocols for assigned portions of code; identifies, logs, and debugs assigned issues. ","Participates as a member of project team of other software systems engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products. ","Education and Experience Required: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent Typically 0-2 years experience Knowledge and Skills: Experience or understanding of software systems design tools and languages. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Understanding of design for software systems running on multiple platform types Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. ","Develops software including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and Internet-related tools. Determines hardware compatibility and/or influences hardware design. "|"Teamwork","Coding skills","Teamwork","Programming","Software Design","Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills","Compilers","Databases","Hardware design","Networking","Operating Systems","Routers"
"HPE_Test_Engineer"|"Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Basic understanding of material properties and hardware and electrical component design Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. ","Implements and executes established test plans, schedules, and requirements for subsystems of existing designs; builds testing tooling, fixtures, and apparatuses based on provided specifications "|"Teamwork","Analytical skills","Communication","Problem Solving Skills","Scheduling","System Design","Test Planning"
"HPE_VLSI_Engineer"|"Determines architecture and logic design, design verification through software developed for component and system simulation, and builds physical implementations through development of multidimensional designs involving the layout of complex integrated circuits. Analyzes designs to establish operating data, conducts experimental tests and evaluates results to enable prototype and production VLSI solutions. May direct support personnel in the preparation of detailed design, design testing and prototype fabrication. ","Management Level Definition: Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. ","Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters. Responsibilities: Designs portions of computer/server architecture and algorithms based on established VLSI engineering principles and in accordance with provided specifications and requirements. ","Participates as a member of project team of other VLSI engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for VLSI prototypes and products. ","Good analytical and problem solving skills. Understanding of design for VLSI components, integrated circuitry, architectures and algorithms. ","Knowledge of a programming and scripting, hardware description language, electronic design automation (EDA), and/or FPGA tools. Coursework in VLSI design or VLSI concepts "|"Analytical skills","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Decision making","Efficiency","Teamwork","Algorithms","Analytical skills","Design","Problem Solving Skills","Automation","Electronic Design","Hardware design","Programming","Scripting"
"HP_Associate_Software_Developer"|"Responsibilities: Development of software components related to Microservices-based solutions. Building scalable, cost-effective test automation with a focus on API tests, product-level integration tests and end-to-end tests."," Be an active member of a Scrum team and learn about agile software development. Learn about the DevOps culture (development and operations of a SaaS solution)."," Testing of developed components within a virtual desktop infrastructure. Software development in NodeJS (TypeScript, JavaScript)"," Students who have experience with cloud environments, such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform."," Individuals who work well with others, think outside the box and see raising the bar as part of the daily routine."," Integrating automated security scanning and testing into the CI/CD pipeline. Contribute to integrating automated testing into the CI/CD pipeline."," Software development for test automation in Python and Terraform.Requirements: Students who have completed at least 2 academic years."|"API Tests","Automation","End-to-End Tests","Integration Tests","Microservices","Software Development","Test Automation","Agile software development","DevOps","JavaScript","Node.js","Software Development","Testing","TypeScript","Virtual Desktop Infrastructure","Technical leadership","Collaboration","Creative Solutions","High standards","Innovation","Teamwork","Automated security scanning","Automated tests","Python","Terraform"
"HP_Software_Quality_Engineer"|"Description -We are looking for a Quality Software Engineer for our DS Incubations team. The Scope of our Incubations team is to drive innovation and business growth by identifying, developing, and validating new business solutions for our customers. The capabilities we will deliver is a customer obsessed mindset with creating new products for HP, a validation process with customer on piloting, an agile way to test, design and building new solutions, allowing us to move faster and in step with customer needs.","Job Summary This role is responsible for designing, implementing, and executing comprehensive testing strategies to identify defects, verify functionality, and maintain a high standard of product excellence. The role monitors testing progress, analyzes results, and makes informed decisions based on testing outcomes. The role ensures the delivery of software that meets user expectations and industry standards, by collaborating closely with developers, product managers, and other stakeholders. Responsibilities Designs quality assurance and test processes for subsystems of end-user applications, systems software, and firmware running on hardware, local, networked, and Internet-based platforms. Analyzes design and determines test scripts, coding, and integration activities required based on general objectives and knowledge of overall architecture of product or solution. Writes and executes complete testing plans, protocols, and documentation for assigned portion of application. Identifies and debugs, and creates solutions for issues with code and integration into software and firmware architecture. Performs code reviews and participates in design discussions to identify potential quality issues. Analyzes testing processes and suggests improvements for enhancing the efficiency and effectiveness of QA activities."," Leads a project team of other software quality assurance engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable and cost-effective testing and quality assurance solutions for assigned applications portion or subsystem. Collaborates and communicates with management, internal, and outsourced development partners regarding test status, project progress, and issue resolution. Represents the software quality assurance team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects. Provides guidance and mentoring to less-experienced staff members. Education & Experience Recommended Four-year or Graduate Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems, Information Technology, or any other related discipline or commensurate work experience or demonstrated competence. Knowledge & Skills"," Manual Testing TestRail Agile Methodology Application Programming Interface (API) CI/CD Computer Science Debugging Jenkins JIRA Scripting Scrum (Software Development) Software Development Software Engineering Software Quality (SQA/SQC) Software Testing Test Planning Cross-Org Skills Effective Communication Results Orientation Learning Agility Digital Fluency Customer Centricity"|"Agile development","Agile methodology","Building new solutions","Customer engagement","Customer needs","Design","Innovation","Product validation","Testing","Analytical skills","Code Review","Coding skills","Collaboration","Communication","Debugging","Design Discussions","Efficiency","Problem Solving Skills","Quality assurance (QA)","Software Development","Software Engineering","Testing","Testing Strategies","Collaboration","Communication","Leadership","Mentorship","Project Management","Quality assurance (QA)","Teamwork","Agile development","CI/CD","Debugging","JIRA","Manual Testing","Scripting","Software Development","Software Engineering","Software Quality (SQA/SQC)","Software testing","Test Planning","TestRail"
"Meta_Software_Engineer"|"Software Engineer Responsibilities Analyze, evaluate, design, develop, integrate, debug and test real-time AR and VR software for advanced prototypes and user experiences"," Build software, tools, infrastructure, documentation and other systems that enable research scientists to be more effective and efficient"," Perform code reviews that improve software engineering quality Write clean readable code, debug complex problems that span systems, prioritize ruthlessly and get things done with a high level of efficiency"," Learn constantly, dive into new areas with unfamiliar technologies, and embrace the ambiguity of AR/VR problem solving"," Experience with one of the following: Game engine development, AR/VR development, mobile app development, driver, firmware/OS development, or robotics"," Driver, firmware, OS or embedded systems development Hardware bring-up, hardware prototyping, and interfacing with new hardware SDKs"," Game engines such as Unreal or Unity Mobile software experience (OS and App level) Developing AR/VR applications"," Collaborate in a team environment across multiple scientific and engineering disciplines, making the architectural tradeoffs required to rapidly deliver software solutions"," 2+ years work experience in a role coding in Python, PHP, Java, C/C++ (or equivalent language) including code maintenance and review."," Camera and sensor technologies AI research or development"|"Analytical skills","AR/VR","Debugging","Design","Development","Problem Solving Skills","Programming","Software architecture","Testing","Virtual reality","Documentation","Efficiency","Infrastructure","Innovation","Software Development","Code Review","Debugging","Efficiency","Quality assurance (QA)","Software engineering quality","Problem Solving Skills","AR/VR","Firmware Development","Game engine development","mobile app development","robotics","Software Development","Embedded systems","Firmware Development","Hardware","Hardware design","Hardware development","Operating Systems","Prototyping","Software Development","Technical leadership","AR/VR","Augmented reality","Mobile Software Experience","Programming","Virtual reality","Architectural tradeoffs","Collaboration","C++","Java","PHP","Python","Artificial Intelligence (AI)"
"Meta_Software_Engineer_Android"|" Implement custom native user interfaces using the latest Android programming techniques Build reusable Android software components for interfacing with our back-end platforms"," 2+ years of programming experience in a relevant language 1+ years experience building complex applications targeting Android in production using its native languages and frameworks"," Experience with multithreading programming and mobile memory management Experience in performance debugging and benchmarking"," Analyze and optimize UI and infrastructure application code for quality, efficiency, and performance"," Experience building maintainable and testable code bases, including API design and unit testing techniques"|"Android Programming Techniques","Building Reusable Android Software Components","Software Development","Android native languages","Building complex applications targeting Android","Programming","Benchmarking","Mobile memory management","Multithreading programming","Performance Debugging","Programming","Analytical skills","Efficiency","Infrastructure","Optimization","Performance","Quality assurance (QA)","User Interfaces (UI)","API design","Unit testing"
"Meta_Software_Engineer_Codesign"|"Software Engineer (HW/SW Co-Design) Responsibilities Utilize extensive understanding of hardware architecture - CPUs (x86/ARM), Flash/HDD storage systems, networking, and GPUs - to identify key platform resource bottlenecks. Collaborate closely with software product teams to re-architect services, improve performance through algorithm redesign, and reduce resource consumption."," Develop representative benchmarks (in C++/Python/Hack) to capture fleet requirements and drive early evaluation of upcoming platforms. Drive fleet-wide detailed workload architectural analysis and keep ahead of evolving business needs and its impact to compute and storage performance."," Partner with Product Engineering and Infrastructure Engineering teams to find the optimal way to deliver the hardware roadmap into production and drive adoption."," Influence vendor hardware roadmap and broader ecosystem to align with Meta's requirements. Find opportunities for community contribution through publications in top-tier conferences and open-source projects."," Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical experience. Experience with programming & scripting languages such as C, C++, Java, PHP, Python."," Deep Architectural understanding of CPU, GPU, Accelerators, Networking, Flash/HDD Storage systems."," Experience with large-scale infrastructure, distributed systems, full stack analysis of server applications."," Identify novel hardware/software co-design opportunities based on industry trends and new paradigms. Conduct technology pathfinding activities to quantify the value proposition for Meta and drive roadmap definition."," 2+ years of experience with hardware architecture, compute technologies and/or storage systems.Preferred Qualifications Masters degree or PhD in Computer Science, or a related technical field."|"Collaboration","CPUs","GPUs","Hardware design","Networking","Storage Systems","Technical leadership","Analytical skills","C++","Programming","Python","workload architectural analysis","Collaboration","Problem Solving Skills","Teamwork","Communication","Community Contribution","Publications","C","C++","Java","PHP","Programming","Python","Scripting","AI and ML accelerators","CPUs","GPUs","Networking","Storage Systems","Technical leadership","Distributed systems","Full stack analysis","Large-scale infrastructure","Technical leadership","Hardware","Compute technologies","Hardware design","Storage Systems"
"Meta_Software_Engineer_Computer_Vision"|"Software Engineer, Computer Vision Responsibilities Apply relevant AI and machine learning techniques to build intelligent rich perception systems that improve Meta's products and experiences"," Mentor other AI Engineers and improve the quality of AI work in the broader team Develop custom/novel architectures, define use cases, and develop methodology & benchmarks to evaluate different approaches"," Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience."," Experience developing computer vision algorithms or computer vision infrastructure in C/C++ or Python"," Assist in goal setting related to project impact, AI system design, and ML rigor Drive large efforts across multiple teams"," Apply in-depth knowledge of how the machine learning system interacts with the other systems around it"," Experience in one or more of the following areas: Deep Learning, Computer Vision, AR/VR, Machine Learning or artificial intelligence"," Experience with distributed systems or on-device algorithm development Experience in deep learning and PyTorch"," Experience in language guided vision systems"|"Artificial Intelligence (AI)","Machine learning","Architecture Design","Benchmarking","Innovation","Leadership","Mentorship","Methodology Development","Quality assurance (QA)","Technical leadership","C++","Programming","Python","AI system design","ML rigor","Machine learning","System Interaction","AR/VR","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","Computer Vision","Deep learning","Machine learning","Deep learning","Experience with distributed systems","PyTorch","Vision Systems"
"Meta_Software_Engineer_Frontend"|"Meta is seeking experienced Front End Software Engineers to join our product teams. As a member of our team, you will play a vital role in crafting user experience that are both delightful and effective, helping to scale the company and enhance employee productivity. You'll have the opportunity to work on projects that transform the way Meta employees collaborate, streamline business processes, and develop world-class business software. Our product teams are responsible for building and maintaining a wide range of internal tools and applications that help Meta employees do their jobs more efficiently and effectively. From project management and collaboration tools to data analytics and visualization platforms, we're constantly pushing the boundaries of what's possible with technology. As a Front End Software Engineer at Meta, you'll be responsible for designing and implementing intuitive and user-friendly interfaces that make it easy for employees to access the information and tools they need to do their jobs. You'll work closely with our product managers, designers, and back-end engineers to ensure that our products are not only visually appealing but also highly functional and scalable. If you're passionate about building software that makes a real difference in people's lives, we'd love to hear from you. Join us and be a part of a dynamic and innovative team that's shaping the future of how people connect and work together!"," Experience in writing reusable and high-performance user interface components Object Oriented JavaScript Frameworks experience","Software Engineer, Front End Responsibilities Build front-end frameworks that will allow other product teams to build faster and with higher quality"," Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues Architect efficient and reusable front-end systems that drive complex web applications"," Collaborate with Product Designers, Product Managers, and Software Engineers to deliver compelling user-facing products"," 2+ years of experience in web technologies including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience in web technologies: HTML and CSS"," Experience in architectural design for complex front-end systems Experience building maintainable and testable code bases, including API design and unit testing techniques"," Experience in performance debugging and benchmarking Experience building web applications Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Degree must be completed prior to joining Meta. Shipped at least one large-scale product to production, supporting millions of active users"," Experience with React"|"Collaboration","Designing Interfaces","Innovation","Software Development","Software Engineering","Teamwork","High performance","JavaScript","Reusable","Software Development","User Interface Components","Front-end frameworks","Quality assurance (QA)","Front-end Systems","Performance and Scalability","Collaboration","CSS","HTML","JavaScript","API design","Architecture Design","Unit testing","Large-Scale Product Development","Performance Debugging","Web Applications","React.js"
"Meta_Software_Engineer_Infrastructure"|"Software Engineer, Infrastructure Responsibilities Design core, backend software components Code using primarily C/C++, Java, PHP and Hack"," Interface with other teams to incorporate their innovations and vice versa Conduct design and code reviews"," Track record of setting technical direction for a team, driving consensus and successful cross-functional partnerships"," Experience improving quality through thoughtful code reviews, appropriate testing, proper rollout, monitoring, and proactive changes"," Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience"," Analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources Establish self as an owner of a particular component, feature or system with expert end-to-end understanding"," Programming experience in a relevant programming language Relevant experience building large-scale infrastructure applications or similar experience"," Experience with scripting languages such as Python, Javascript or Hack Experience designing, analyzing and improving efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources"," Experience owning a component, feature or system Experience building and shipping high quality work and achieving high reliability"," Exposure to architectural patterns of large scale software applications Experience in programming languages such as C, C++, Java"|"C++","Java","PHP","Software Development","Software Engineering","Code Review","Collaboration","Communication","Design Reviews","Quality assurance (QA)","Cross-functional collaboration","Leadership","Teamwork","Technical leadership","Code Review","Monitoring","Quality improvement","Testing","Compute technologies","Efficiency","Scalability","Building large-scale infrastructure applications","Analytical skills","Design","Efficiency","JavaScript","Python","Scalability","System Resources","Quality work","Reliability","C","C++","Exposure to architectural patterns","Java","Large scale software applications"
"Microsoft_Applied_Scientist"|"Microsoft is dedicated to transforming Azure into a global AI supercomputer, enabling the responsible development of cutting-edge foundational AI. This includes large language models (LLMs) designed to empower people to harness the world's knowledge, revolutionize interactions with technology, and enhance user experiences. To solidify our leadership in AI, Microsoft has launched a groundbreaking program to develop the next generation of leaders in this field. Over the course of two years, participants will work in interdisciplinary project teams to provide AI as a service to engineering teams across Microsoft and solve some of our most exciting and challenging problems. In addition, you will have mentors, exposure to leaders, and access to numerous AI applied scientists, researchers, and engineers across the company. After completing the program, participants have the opportunity to join one of the sponsoring product teams and further accelerate their careers at Microsoft.","MAIDAP Applied Scientists would have the opportunity to leverage or instantiate novel AI technology into production by advancing the state-of-the-art internally and externally to address product needs and acting as the and in research and development (R&D) by blending techniques of both researchers and development teams to drive data-driven research-baked innovation from theory into reality, in collaboration with software engineers and product managers in MAIDAP and partnering product and technology teams across Microsoft.","Required Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree (or currently pursing a degree) in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field AND relevant internship experience (e.g., statistics, predictive analytics, research)."," A background in machine learning and/or statistics.  Experience in LLMs/SLMs/multi-modal models/probabilistic graphical models/Bayesian networks/deep learning/reinforcement learning/time series/active learning, or other modeling paradigms."," Believe that AI is a team sport.  Enjoy being an active member of a diverse and inclusive cohort","#SHPE24MSFT #NSBE2025 #MSFTNSBE25 Responsibilities Research, develop, and implement AI solutions in application projects for Microsofts products and services."," Take responsibility for preparing data for analysis,reviewdata preparation/ETL code andprovidecritical feedback on issues of data integrity."," Experience in Python/R/Scala or similar. Energized by creating AI solutions that can positively impact the work and lives of millions of people."," Passion for data-driven learning.  Excited by the prospect of working on a wide variety of datasets and AI applications, across many products and engineering teams."," Research publications are a plus.  Proficient written and oral communication skills. Applied Sciences IC2 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $81,900 - $160,200 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $105,600 - $174,600 per year. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay Microsoft will accept applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis."," Select and apply appropriate statistical and machine learning techniques to large-scale, high-dimensional data."," Stay current with the latest research and technology and communicate your knowledge throughout the organization."|"Artificial Intelligence (AI)","Innovation","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","Collaboration","Data-driven Research","Innovation","Compute technologies","Predictive Analytics","Quality assurance (QA)","Research","Statistics","Active learning","Bayesian networks","Deep learning","LLMs","Machine learning","Multi-modal models","Probabilistic graphical models","Reinforcement learning","SLMs","Statistics","Technical leadership","Time series","Teamwork","AI/ML","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","Research","Critical feedback","Data integrity","Data preparation","Extract, Transform, Load (ETL)","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","Python","R","Scala","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","Communication","Publications","Machine learning","Statistical Techniques","Communication","Research"
"Microsoft_Fullstack"|"As a Software Engineer you will develop software, tools and code to be used in support of design, infrastructure, and technology platforms as well as commercial or end-user applications. This opportunity will allow you to create and implement extensible and maintainable code for a product, service, or feature. You will partner with stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature and consider a variety of feedback channels to incorporate insights into future designs or solution fixes. You will collaborate with others to create a clear and articulated plan for testing, assuring quality of solutions, while applying knowledge of debugging tools, logs, telemetry, and other methods to proactively flag issues. This opportunity will allow you to learn about customer scaling requirements and the application of best practices for meeting scaling needs and performance expectations, while ensuring the correct processes are followed to achieve a high degree of security, privacy, safety, and accessibility.","Microsofts mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.","o OR Master's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical field with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python."," Learns and applies coding standards and best practices through code reviews, developing maintainable and extensible code with guidance. Utilizes debugging tools to proactively and reactively address issues in product features, ensuring code quality and reliability."," Supports the identification of dependencies and design documentation for product features, learns about system interactions and back-end dependencies, and contributes to architectural processes under guidance. Produces code to test hypotheses for technical solutions and assists with technical validation efforts. Collaborates on quality assurance plans, augments test cases, and integrates automation into testing, while understanding the implications of security and compliance in system architecture."," Contributes to data analysis and feedback integration for product engineering decisions, acting as a Designated Responsible Individual (DRI) for monitoring and restoring system functionality within Service Level Agreement (SLA) timeframe. Participates in live service operations, and supports telemetry data integration for system behavior insights, with a focus on performance, reliability, and safety."," Develops and applies best practices for reliable code building, understands global and local regulations, customer scaling requirements, and support communication with key partners across Microsoft for user experience enhancement and partner needs."," Ensures compliance with security, privacy, safety, and accessibility standards, leverages developer tools for code creation and debugging, contributes to automation in production and deployment, and proactively seeks knowledge to improve product availability, reliability, efficiency, and performance at scale."|"Accessibility","Collaboration","Privacy","Problem Solving Skills","Quality assurance (QA)","Safety","Security","Software Development","Collaboration","Innovation","C","C#","C++","Java","JavaScript","Programming","Python","Quality assurance (QA)","Automation","Collaboration","Compliance","Quality assurance (QA)","Security","Data analysis","Monitoring","Performance","Reliability","Safety","Service level agreement (SLA)","Collaboration","Efficiency","Performance","Security"
"Microsoft_Security_Researcher"|"Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potentialand excitement for the journey ahead.","Security represents the most critical priorities for our customers in a world awash in digital threats, regulatory scrutiny, and estate complexity. Microsoft Security aspires to make the world a safer place for all. We want to reshape security and empower every user, customer, and developer with a security cloud that protects them with end to end, simplified solutions. The Microsoft Security organization accelerates Microsofts mission and bold ambitions to ensure that our company and industry is securing digital technology platforms, devices, and clouds in our customers heterogeneous environments, as well as ensuring the security of our own internal estate. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world."," Strong quantitative skills (e.g., as demonstrated by your degree course in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, etc.)."," Curiosity and passion for problem solving; ability to learn new skills quickly and apply them to threat tracking problems"," Strong programming skills in Python or Java/Scala/C#, with understanding of cloud architectures and distributed computing such as Apache Spark."," Demonstrable experience in applying a research methodology to telemetry in the security domain to detect and track malicious activity for new and novel threat actor TTPs."," Process threat reporting from internal and external sources. Provide discrete threat data based on intelligence requirements or customer requests."," Identify security defects or vulnerabilities and deficiencies in security guidance. Contribute code to technical implementation and automation of solutions to address security issues, such as signature detection, malware, threat analysis, or reverse engineering. Use results from research and experimentation to support architecture or product direction."," Identify areas of dependency and overlap with other teams or team members. Provide constructive input so the work is integrated and timely. Communicate the status of deliverables and dependencies to meet schedule.","Are you ready to be part of an elite team tackling the worlds most sophisticated cyber threats? Join Microsofts GHOST team as a Security Researcher and take a leading role in defending our customers from targeted exploitation. Youll work at the forefront of cutting-edge security advancements, directly shaping Microsofts global defenses. In this fast-paced role, you will lead threat hunts, drive strategic triage, and develop actionable intelligence to outsmart advanced adversaries. Your research will impact not just internal tools but also help protect millions of customers worldwide, empowering them with the security tools they need. If youre passionate about cyber defense and want to be a key player in safeguarding the future of technology, this is your chance to make an indelible mark on the industry."," Experience applying data-driven inference methods such as statistics, data mining or machine learning to data at scale."," Track record of prototyping new innovative ideas and seeing them through to production.  Knowledge of cloud identity TTPs and applying this to threat detection at scale."," Begin to analyze threat trends and anomalies to determine operational impact. Determine vectors that introduce threat and potential mitigation strategies. Learn about systemic security issues and how to address them."," Engage in measures to protect tools, techniques, information, and results of security practices. Respond to incidents for systems or products as needed. Use results of pen testing to improve products and services."|"Communication","Digital Technology Platforms","Innovation","Regulatory Scrutiny","Security","Strong Quantitative Skills","Problem Solving Skills","Apache Spark","C#","Cloud architectures","Cloud computing","Distributed computing","Java","Programming","Python","Scala","Malicious Activity Detection","Research","Research Methodology","Security Domain","Telemetry","Threat Actor TTPs","Data analysis","Intelligence Requirements","Security","Threat Reporting","Architecture Design","Automation","Code Contribution","Experimentation","Innovation","Malware Analysis","Problem Solving Skills","Product development","Research","Security Analysis","Signature Detection","Technical leadership","Threat Analysis","Communication","Project Management","Teamwork","Actionable Intelligence","Threat Hunts","Data Mining","Data-driven inference methods","Machine learning","Statistics","Cloud Identity TTPs","Prototyping","Address Security Issues","Analyze Threat Trends","Operational Impact","Systemic Security Issues","Incident response","Penetration testing","Protect tools"
"Microsoft_Software_Engineer_AI_ML"|"As a Software Engineer on AI and/or ML projects you will develop software, tools, and code to be used in support of design, infrastructure, and technology platforms including large and small language models (LLMs/SLMs). This opportunity will allow you to create and implement extensible and maintainable code and prompts for a product, service, or feature. You will partner with stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature and consider a variety of feedback channels to incorporate insights into future designs or solution fixes. You will collaborate with others to create a clear and articulated plan for testing, assuring quality of solutions, while applying knowledge of debugging tools, logs, telemetry, and other methods to proactively flag issues. This opportunity will allow you to learn about customer scaling requirements and the application of best practices for meeting scaling needs and performance expectations, while ensuring the correct processes are followed to achieve a high degree of security, privacy, safety, and accessibility. You will also consider the impact of AI technology, including applying Microsofts responsible AI practices."," Bachelor's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical discipline with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python.","o OR Master's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical field with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python."," Evaluates AI technologies (such as LLMs, SLMs, embeddings) and architectures (such as orchestration patterns, RAG, etc) when developing solutions. Specifies or implements AI platform improvements like fine-tuning or training custom ML models."," Learns and applies coding standards and best practices through code reviews, developing maintainable and extensible code with guidance. Utilizes debugging tools to proactively and reactively address issues in product features, ensuring code quality and reliability."," Supports the identification of dependencies and design documentation for product features, learns about system interactions and back-end dependencies, and contributes to architectural processes under guidance. Produces code to test hypotheses for technical solutions and assist with technical validation efforts. Collaborates on quality assurance plans, augments test cases, and integrates automation into testing, while understanding the implications of security and compliance in system architecture."," Contributes to data analysis and feedback integration for product engineering decisions, acting as a Designated Responsible Individual (DRI) for monitoring and restoring system functionality within Service Level Agreement (SLA) timeframe. Participates in live service operations, and supports telemetry data integration for system behavior insights, with a focus on performance, reliability, and safety."," Develops and applies best practices for reliable code building, understands global and local regulations, customer scaling requirements, and support communication with key partners across Microsoft for user experience enhancement and partner needs."," Ensures compliance with security, privacy, safety, and accessibility standards, leverages developer tools for code creation and debugging, contributes to automation in production and deployment, and proactively seeks knowledge to improve product availability, reliability, efficiency, and performance at scale."," Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 1+ year(s) technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python OR equivalent experience."," Demonstrated interest in AI/ML technologies. Software Engineering IC2 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $81,900 - $160,200 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $105,600 - $174,600 per year.","Microsoft will accept applications and process offers for these roles on an ongoing basis. Responsibilities Learns to review and break down work items into tasks with stakeholder collaboration, provide estimations, and escalate delays, while also supporting feature deployments to customers, considering user and service impacts, and adhering to best deployment practices for safety."," Collaborates with key stakeholders to define feature requirements, integrates feedback to enhance design, and establishes feedback loops for continuous improvement based on customer metrics."," Understands and applies Microsofts responsible AI practices to ensure systems meet our commitments to our customers."|"Accessibility","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","C++","Collaboration","Debugging","Java","Machine learning","Performance Debugging","Privacy","Problem Solving Skills","Python","Quality assurance (QA)","Responsible AI practices","Safety","Scalability","Security","Software Engineering","C","C#","C++","Java","JavaScript","Programming","Python","C","C#","C++","Compute technologies","Java","JavaScript","Programming","Python","Architecture Design","Artificial Intelligence (AI)","ML models","Orchestration patterns","Coding skills","Debugging","Quality assurance (QA)","Automation","Collaboration","Compliance","Design Documentation","Identifying Dependencies","Quality assurance (QA)","Security","Technical Validation","Testing","Data analysis","Monitoring","Performance","Reliability","Safety","Service level agreement (SLA)","System behavior insights","System functionality","Telemetry","Collaboration","User experience (UX)","Accessibility","Automation","Code Creation","Compliance","Debugging","Efficiency","Performance","Privacy","Product development","Safety","Security","C","C#","C++","Java","JavaScript","Python","AI/ML","Deployment practices","Estimations","Feature Deployments","Service Impacts","User Impacts","Collaboration","Continuous improvement (CI)","Customer needs","Feedback Integration","Collaboration","Customer needs","Responsible AI practices"
"Microsoft_Software_Engineering_Security"|"As a Software Engineer focused on security you will develop software, tools and code to be used in support of design, infrastructure, and technology platforms as well as commercial or end-user applications. You will help ensure the software, tools, and code meets the highest standards for security. This opportunity will allow you to create and implement secure and maintainable code for a product, service, or feature. You will partner with stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature and consider a variety of feedback channels to incorporate insights into future designs or solution fixes. You will collaborate with others to create a clear and articulated plan for testing, assuring quality of solutions, while applying knowledge of debugging tools, logs, telemetry, and other methods to proactively flag issues. This opportunity will allow you to learn about customer scaling requirements and the application of best practices for meeting scaling needs and performance expectations, while ensuring the correct processes are followed to achieve a high degree of security, privacy, safety, and accessibility. You will look for opportunities to raise the security bar as you apply Microsofts security policies and best practices.","o OR equivalent experience. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 1+ year(s) technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python,","o OR Master's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical field with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python,","Microsoft will accept applications and process offers for these roles on an ongoing basis. Responsibilities Learns to review and break down work items into tasks with stakeholder collaboration, provides estimations, and escalates delays, while also supporting feature deployments to customers, considering user and service impacts, and adhering to best deployment practices for safety."," Learns and applies secure coding standards and best practices through code reviews, developing secure, maintainable, and extensible code with guidance. Utilizes debugging and security tools to proactively and reactively address issues in product features, ensuring security, code quality, and reliability."," Supports the identification of dependencies and designs documentation for product features, learns about system interactions and back-end dependencies, and contributes to architectural processes under guidance. Produces code to test hypotheses for technical solutions and assist with technical validation efforts. Collaborates on quality assurance plans, augments test cases, and integrates automation into testing, while understanding the implications of security and compliance in system architecture."," Contributes to data analysis and feedback integration for product engineering decisions, acting as a Designated Responsible Individual (DRI) for monitoring and restoring system functionality within Service Level Agreement (SLA) timeframe. Participates in live service operations and supports telemetry data integration for system behavior insights, with a focus on performance, reliability, and safety."," Develops and applies best practices for reliable and secure code building, understands global and local regulations and customer scaling requirements, and supports communication with key partners across Microsoft for user experience enhancement and partner needs.","QualificationsRequired Qualifications Bachelor's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical discipline with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python,","o OR equivalent experience. Demonstrated interest in security. Software Engineering IC2 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $81,900 - $160,200 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $105,600 - $174,600 per year."," Learns to review and break down work items into tasks with stakeholder collaboration, provides estimations, and escalates delays, while also supporting feature deployments to customers, considering user and service impacts, and adhering to best deployment practices for safety."," Collaborates with key stakeholders to define feature requirements, integrates feedback to enhance design, and establishes feedback loops for continuous improvement based on customer metrics."," Keeps abreast of security technologies and emerging security best practices to apply continuous secure improvements."," Ensures compliance with security, privacy, safety, and accessibility standards, leverages developer tools for code creation and debugging, contributes to automation in production and deployment, and proactively seeks knowledge to improve product security, availability, reliability, efficiency, and performance at scale."," Understands and applies Microsofts security policies and best practices to ensure systems meet our security and trust commitments to our customers."|"Collaboration","Debugging","Feedback","Logs","Problem Solving Skills","Quality assurance (QA)","Security","Security Policies","Software Development","Software Engineering","Telemetry","Tooling","C","C#","C++","Java","JavaScript","Programming","Python","C","C#","C++","Java","JavaScript","Programming","Python","Deployment practices","Debugging","Quality assurance (QA)","Secure coding standards","Security","Security tools","Collaboration","Compliance","Design Documentation","Identifying Dependencies","Quality assurance (QA)","Security","Test Automation","Testing","Analytical skills","Data analysis","Performance","Reliability","Safety","System behavior insights","Telemetry","Time management","Business operations","Code building","Communication","Customer needs","Regulations","C","C#","C++","Java","JavaScript","Python","Security","Collaboration","Estimations","Collaboration","Continuous improvement (CI)","Customer needs","Feedback Integration","Security","Security tools","Automation","Compliance","Development","Efficiency","Performance","Product Security","Reliability","Security Policies"
"Netflix_Software_Engineer_Intern"|"Position OverviewWe are seeking passionate and driven Software Engineering students in their 4th or 5th year to join our Content Engineering teams for Netflix internship experience. You will collaborate arm-in-arm with experienced Netflix engineers, as well as Product and UX Design partners, to contribute to tools and services that impact and revolutionize how Netflix content is managed."," Learn new systems and tools as the Netflix platform and ecosystem evolve. Work closely with the dedicated mentor who will provide guidance and feedback necessary to accomplish the assigned project."," Love brainstorming with fellow Backend and UI engineers, Product Designers, Product Managers, and directly with our users, to understand what they want, figure out what they really need, and finally, what we should build."," Have basic experience in maintaining and developing software applications. Are passionate about building media creative apps and/or media distribution workflows, and care about user experience and technical excellence."," Are eager to learn the tools and technologies we use to build our products. We currently use HTML/TypeScript/React to create user experiences and Java/Kotlin/Python in the backend (depending on the project).","Your Day-to-Day Become an integral member of a versatile engineering team, participate in product reviews and team meetings, providing valuable technical insight."," Work cross-functionally to build and improve existing products that help manage Netflix content. Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real-world challenges."," Strive to embrace best practices and are always searching for opportunities to continually improve."|"Collaboration","Content Engineering","Contribution","Innovation","Software Engineering","Tooling","User experience (UX)","Mentorship","System Design","Collaboration","Communication","Teamwork","User-centered design","Building media apps","Maintaining software applications","Media distribution workflows","Software Development","Technical leadership","User experience (UX)","HTML","Java","Kotlin","Python","React.js","Teamwork","Tooling","TypeScript","Product reviews","Teamwork","Cross-functional collaboration","Problem Solving Skills","Continual improvement"
"OpenAI_Software_Engineer_Real_Time"|"As OpenAI continues to grow, we are looking for experienced, problem-solving engineers to ensure our systems scale. Our success depends on our ability to quickly iterate on products while also ensuring that they are performant and reliable.You will work in a deeply iterative, collaborative, fast-paced environment to bring our technology to millions of users around the world, and ensure its delivered with safety and reliability in mind.Successful candidates will play a crucial role in ensuring the reliability, scalability, and performance of our systems as we continue to expand. As a reliability expert, you will be at the forefront of maintaining and enhancing the stability, scalability, and performance of our rapidly evolving infrastructure. You will work closely with cross-functional teams, including software engineers, product managers, and data scientists, to build and maintain resilient systems that can handle our growing user base and workload."," Partner with researchers, engineers, product managers, and designers to bring new features and research capabilities to the world."," Participate in an on-call rotation to respond to critical incidents and ensure 24/7 system availability."," Utilize Infrastructure as Code (IaC) principles to automate infrastructure provisioning and configuration management."," Help create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture that makes all feel welcome while enabling radical candor and the challenging of group think."," Have a humble attitude, an eagerness to help your colleagues, and a desire to do whatever it takes to make the team succeed."," Own problems end-to-end, and are willing to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to get the job done.","Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field (or equivalent work experience)."," Strong proficiency in cloud infrastructure. Proficiency in programming/scripting languages. Experience with containerization technologies and container orchestration platforms like Kubernetes."," Knowledge of IaC tools such as Terraform or CloudFormation. Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.","In this role, you will: Design and implement solutions to ensure the scalability of our infrastructure to meet rapidly increasing demands."," Collaborate with development teams to make the systems they design and operate more reliable. Implement and manage monitoring systems to proactively identify issues and anomalies in our production environment."," Develop and maintain service level objectives (SLOs) and service level indicators (SLIs) to measure and ensure system reliability."," Implement fault-tolerant and resilient design patterns to minimize service disruptions. Build and maintain automation tools to streamline repetitive tasks and improve system reliability.","You might thrive in this role if you: Enjoy seeking out and addressing bottlenecks and areas for performance improvement in our systems."," Are experienced in collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure that reliability and scalability are considered in the design and development of new features and services."," Have a track record of accelerating engineering reliability by empowering your fellow engineers with excellent tooling and systems."," Proven experience as an reliability engineer or a similar role in a fast-paced, rapidly scaling company."," Strong communication and collaboration skills. Experience with observability tools such as DataDog, Prometheus, Grafana, Splunk and ELK stack."," Experience with microservices architecture and service mesh technologies. Knowledge of security best practices in cloud environments."|"Collaboration","Cross-functional collaboration","Infrastructure","Performance","Problem Solving Skills","Reliability","Resilient systems","Scalability","Collaboration","Teamwork","Availability","Automation","Configuration Management","Infrastructure as code (IaC)","Communication","Teamwork","Efficiency","Problem Solving Skills","Quality assurance (QA)","Cloud computing","Cloud infrastructure","Containerization","Kubernetes","Programming","Scripting","Problem Solving Skills","Troubleshooting","Design","Implementation","Infrastructure","Scalability","Collaboration","Monitoring","Reliability","Service Level Indicators","Service Level Objectives","Automation","Fault Tolerance","Reliability","Resilient design patterns","Performance Improvement","Problem Solving Skills","System Optimization","Collaboration","Cross-functional collaboration","Design","Development","Feedback","Reliability","Scalability","System Design","Tooling","Reliability","Collaboration","Communication","Observability Tools","Cloud environments","Microservices","Security","Service mesh technologies"
"OpenAI_Software_Engineering_Applied_Engineering"|"We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our Applied Engineering team. Youll work in a deeply iterative, collaborative, fast-paced environment to bring our technology to millions of users around the world, and ensure its delivered with safety and reliability in mind. We value engineers who are self-starters, care deeply about the end user experience, and take pride in building products to solve customer needs."," Talk to users to understand their problems and design solutions to address them Collaborate with a cross-functional team of engineers, researchers, product managers, designers, and operations folks to create cutting-edge products","Your background looks something like: Bachelor's or Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience"," Minimum 6 months of post graduation, professional experience in software engineering or a relevant field"," Proficiency with Python, JavaScript, React, and some backend languages  Some experience with relational databases like Postgres/MySQL"," Interest in AI/ML (direct experience not required) Ability to move fast in an environment where things are sometimes loosely defined and may have competing priorities or deadlines"," Optimize applications for speed and scale Create a diverse and inclusive culture that makes all feel welcome"|"Collaboration","Customer engagement","Customer needs","Product development","User experience (UX)","Collaboration","Cross-functional collaboration","Cutting edge technology","Problem Solving Skills","Compute technologies","Quality assurance (QA)","JavaScript","MySQL","PostgreSQL","Programming","Python","React.js","Relational databases","AI/ML","Competing priorities","Deadlines","Efficiency","Optimization","Scalability","Speed"
"Paypal_Android_Engineer"|"Meet Your Team: PayPal is transforming global commerce. Our Engineering team is the heart of this transformation. Were building innovative solutions that delight customers and drive business growth. Join our dynamic engineering team at PayPal, where youll have the opportunity to collaborate with talented peers and work on high-impact projects in an agile environment. We're not just building systems; we're creating scalable, high-performance solutions that make a real difference in global commerce. We prioritize code quality, customer focus, and rapid iteration. Our engineers work closely with design, product, and QA teams to deliver world-class experiences. Your way to impact: At PayPal, Mobile Software Engineers are the architects of PayPals advanced applications for Android platforms. You'll design, develop, and optimize mobile platforms powering millions of transactions daily, delivering innovative solutions that delight customers and drive business success."," Collaborate closely with designers and product managers to create exceptional user experiences. Contribute to all phases of the software development lifecycle."," Write clean, efficient code for mobile features. Conduct unit and integration testing. Participate in code reviews and agile development practices.","What you need to bring: Bachelors degree in computer science or related field. 1+ years of experience in mobile app development."," Experience with Android development. Familiarity with RESTful APIs and JSON. Knowledge of version control systems (Git)."," Proficiency with Kotlin and Java. Experience with mobile UI/UX design and development."," Proficiency in Kotlin/Java (Android). Strong understanding of mobile UI/UX design principles.Preferred Qualifications:"|"Collaboration","Customer engagement","Innovation","Java","Kotlin","Teamwork","Collaboration","Software Development","Software Development Lifecycle","Agile development","Clean Code","Code Review","Software Development","Unit testing","Quality assurance (QA)","Git","Java","JSON","Kotlin","Programming","REST APIs","Application Development","Development","Experience: mobile UI/UX design","Java","Java Frameworks","Kotlin","Mobile UI/UX Design","Java","Kotlin","User experience (UX)"
"Paypal_Fresh_Grad_SE"|"Position: Software Engineer - Fresh GradYou would join a scrum team and work with other senior and experienced team members to contribute to the design, implementation and testing of critical services of large-scale systems. You would get the chance to demonstrate your potential of developing high-quality maintainable software and play a major part in the expansion of PayPal into new markets."," Software design and development skills  Code craftsmanship  Application of agile methodologies in real projects"," Knowledge of RESTful APIs, JSON, Spring, Jenkins, SQL are desirable but not required  Willingness to learn new skills and technologies","You should expect to gain:  Understanding and hands-on experience of various technologies used in large scale complex back-end systems (such as NoSQL/SQL DBs, Rule Management Systems, Enterprise Application Monitoring, REST APIs etc)"," Experience of working as part of a team in a large organization You should have:  0-1 years experience in team-based software development, be it school-driven or self-initiated"," 0-1 years hands-on experience of software development in OOP language, Java is preferred.  Familiarity with version control systems (e.g. Git, SVN)"|"Maintaining software applications","Software Development","Agile development","Agile methodology","Code craftsmanship","Development","Software Design","Software Development","JSON","REST APIs","Spring","SQL","Enterprise Application Monitoring","NoSQL","REST APIs","Rule Management Systems","SQL","Organization","Teamwork","Git","Java","SVN","Version control"
"Paypal_Platforms_Engineering"|"Meet our Team: PayPal is transforming global commerce. Our Engineering team is the heart of this transformation. Were building innovative solutions that delight customers and drive business growth.","The Pricing and FX Platforms Engineering Team handles the financial infrastructure that supports all verticals within PayPal and enables those verticals to generate revenue. This team supports multiple verticals within PayPal, including Treasury (cash management & foreign exchange), Pricing (how PayPal prices its merchants and partners), and Merchant and Partner domains."," Experience with Oracle, SQL, JDBC/ORM, JMS, App servers / Servlet containers, Maven/Git/Continuous integration is required"," Proven ability to mentor junior engineers and contribute to code reviews and design discussions Experience with databases (SQL, NoSQL)"," Strong understanding of database design, including SQL and NoSQL databases, and experience with ORM tools."," Experience with large-scale, high-performance systems preferred Knowledge of the payment processing industry and relevant regulations preferred"," A bachelors or masters degree in computer science or a related field is preferred but not required","The Pricing and FX Platform team is looking for a talented backend java Software Engineer.Job Description:Job Title: Software Engineer","Your Way to Impact:At PayPal, Backend Software Engineers are the architects of our global payment platform. You'll design, develop, and optimize core systems that power millions of transactions daily, directly impacting our customers' experiences and our company's success.","Your Day to Day: As a Backend Software Engineer, you'll design and implement backend solutions. You'll collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality products."," Design and develop scalable backend systems.  Optimize system performance and reliability.  Mentor junior engineers.","What You Need to Bring: A successful candidate will bring 4+ years of experience with backend development in Java"," Exposure to REACT with any state management library Strong problem-solving skills and software experience including design and development methodologies"," Hands on experience of Cloud Infrastructure (GCP) and product suite (GCS, BigQuery, Firestore etc.) is required"," Experience designing and implementing RESTful services, focusing on scalability and reliability, using Java"|"Business operations","Innovation","Financial infrastructure","Financial literacy","Infrastructure","Team collaboration","App servers","Continuous integration","Git","JDBC/ORM","JMS","Maven","Oracle","Requirements gathering","Servlet containers","SQL","Code Review","Design Discussions","Leadership","Mentorship","NoSQL","SQL","Database management","NoSQL","ORM tools","SQL","Experience with Systems","Payment Processing Industry Knowledge","Regulations","Requirements gathering","Java","Design","Development","Optimization","Collaboration","Cross-functional collaboration","High-quality systems","Mentorship","System Optimization","Backend development","Java","Design and development methodologies","Problem Solving Skills","Software Engineering","BigQuery","Cloud infrastructure","Firestore","GCP","Java","Reliability","REST APIs","Scalability"
"Paypal_SE_Growths_Market"|"The "Growth Markets Engineering Team" is responsible for developing and rolling out new products for PayPal's customer base in markets seeing high commerce growth across the world such as Japan, Mexico, and Brazil. Our charter is to double down and drive the next wave of growth for PayPal's consumer and merchant bases globally, to propel new user acquisition, provide platform expansion through ubiquity, bring in new revenue through partnerships and to contribute actively to our organization's mission of democratizing financial services.","A customer focused, hands-on Java engineer, responsible for designing, implementing and delivering state of the art payments solutions for Growth markets of PayPal. The ideal candidate is an individual with experience building software systems by engaging across the full software lifecycle, from system design and development of system backend components. Business acumen, hands-on technology skills, positive work ethic and a collaborative mindset are key to the success of this role. The prospective candidate will be an individual contributor working with various cross functional groups (product teams, lead engineers and various engineering teams) and will require admirable collaboration skills. The role would involve building new and emerging payments platforms and experiences for PayPal's hyper growth markets, that would redefine how customers of PayPal pay and get paid.","Key Responsibilities: Demonstrate a customer centric mindset as part of day-day work. Ensure that the implementation adheres to defined specs and processes. Own end-to-end quality of deliverables during all phases of the software development lifecycle. Work with managers, leads and peers to come up with implementation options. Ability to function effectively in a fast-paced environment and manage continuously changing business needs.","Technical Skills Strong programming skills and expertise in Java/J2EE, Spring and Hibernate Experience with REST API's, Web Services, Unit Testing and build tools. Good understanding and hands on experience with databases such as MySQL/ Oracle etc. Strong understanding of web-based programming languages Rich object-oriented design and analysis skills"|"Financial literacy","Innovation","New product development","Platform expansion","User acquisition","Backend development","Collaboration","Customer engagement","Innovation","Java","Software Development","System Design","Collaboration","Efficiency","Quality assurance (QA)","Databases","Hibernate","J2EE","Java","MySQL","Object-oriented design","Oracle","Programming","REST APIs","Spring","Spring Boot","Unit testing","Web development","Web Services"
"Paypal_Software_Engineer"|"PayPal Compliance Platform offers capabilities that cater to the regulatory guidelines applicable to PayPal (and Inc properties) as per the jurisdiction. The entire platform is organized in a layered architecture for all tenets of the PayPal products. Platform governance, modernization and convergence are well defined. Platform development goals strive to maintain its robustness with evolving tech stack that would enable rapid product enhancements.","PayPal, Inc. seeks Software Engineer 2 in SJC, CAJob Duties:Develop software solutions for service monitoring, automated remediation, measuring availability and reliability, performance, analytics, network. Occasionally contribute to design and code reviews. Design, develop, and deliver software related to platforms at scale. Automating maintenance tasks with easily manageable configurations, solving scalability bottlenecks to improve performance and maximize system availability by ensuring functional and performance SLAs. Design, implement, and test complex, multi-tier distributed software application frameworks collaboratively with peers and technical leaders. Enhance code quality across multiple projects. Design and execute migration strategies from existing experiences and services to new infrastructure. Isolate errors by trouble-shooting the application stack from application to framework to underlying infrastructure dependencies and network. Troubleshoot issues in a timely manner and recommend the root cause fixes for the issues. Build performance efficient, highly scalable, configurable, and available software applications and systems. Design, develop, and test high throughput back-end software systems. Develop object-oriented software and design, code, and test complex software features. Segment and design technical system layers to support layered software application development, including business logic functionality and database/component repository access.","Minimum Requirements: Masters degree, or foreign equivalent, in Computer Science, Engineering in closely related field or a Bachelors degree plus two years of experience in the job offered or a related occupation.","Special Skill Requirements:1. Java, Spring Boot2. Unix shell scripts3. SQL","Identify and fix performance, scalability, and other software live issues. Identify and make recommendations to reduce software project risks. Develop innovative technical solutions.","4. Google BigQuery5. Hadoop6. Machine Learning7. Statistical Analysis"|"Compliance","Efficiency","Governance","Innovation","Modernization","Platform Governance","Code quality","Collaboration","Database Access","Performance Analytics","Performance optimization","Problem Solving Skills","Remediation","Scalability","Service Monitoring","Software Development","System Design","System Layers","Testing","Troubleshooting","Quality assurance (QA)","Java","Spring Boot","SQL","Unix","Innovation","Performance optimization","Risk management","Google BigQuery","Hadoop","Machine learning","Statistical Analysis"
"Sony_Blockchain_Developer"|"About the opportunity:Our Sony R&D Center in Zaventem, Brussels is seeking a Blockchain Developer to join an R&D team delivering new blockchain-based functionality that will contribute to new business opportunities for Sony devices and services. The team creates novel designs combining blockchain technology and new crypto techniques to obtain powerful new privacy-preserving features.","We are offering a unique multidisciplinary position that allows the candidate to apply their developer expertise but also support driving research in cutting-edge technologies for a diverse range of applications across Sony businesses.","You should be someone who: Integrates well into a diverse team Has a spontaneous curiosity and interest in Blockchain/Crypto"," Experience in Open source tools and an understanding of crypto currencies. Understanding of various distributed consensus methodologies (Mining, PoS, etc) and knowledge of layer 2 solutions (e.g. ZKP rollups)"," Strong knowledge of cryptography, including asymmetric (pub/priv key), symmetric, hash functions, encryption/signatures."," Knowledge of versioning systems Git etc. Hands-on experience in using a number of the following languages: Java, Rust, Golang, Scala, Haskell, Erlang, C, C++, Python","You will: Research and prototype novel techniques combining blockchain technology and new crypto algorithms"," Defend the new techniques/algorithms in clear presentations which are easy to understand, but still accurate and which convince stakeholders"," Design clean SW architecture appropriate for the business context in which the SW is intended to run"," Deliver well tested, high quality SW which runs reliably and predictably in the intended business context"," Can work independently and pro-actively Possesses strong quality orientation, combined with a pragmatic attitude to deliver"," Demonstrates presentation, communication and summarization skillsYou will bring: Hands-on experience developing proof-of-concepts and pilots in at least one of the blockchain platforms: Ethereum, Hyperledger, Multi-chain."|"Blockchain","C++","Crypto Techniques","Privacy-Preserving Features","Solidity","Cutting edge technology","Development","Innovation","Research","Blockchain/Crypto","Teamwork","Blockchain","Crypto currencies","Cryptocurrency","Distributed consensus methodologies","Knowledge sharing","Open source tools","Asymmetric key","Cryptography","Encryption","Hash functions","Knowledge sharing","Signatures","Symmetric key","C","C++","Erlang","Golang","Haskell","Java","Knowledge sharing","Programming","Python","Rust","Scala","Blockchain","Crypto algorithms","Algorithms","Presentation skills","Design","Software architecture","Quality assurance (QA)","Testing","Quality orientation","Communication","Ethereum","Hyperledger","Presentation skills","Summarization Skills"
"Sony_Software_Design_Engineer"|"2. Cooperate with team member, under leading of team leader, with support from senior engineers, finish task assignment in projects, and deliver high quality software output in time.","3. Support departmental initiatives and activities as directed by the team supervisor. Actively participate in innovative discussions and participate in R&D, and support team leader to push forward the progress of innovation projects.","Requirements1. Bachelor's degree or above, majoring in computer science or related fields.2. Solid C/C++ programming on Linux/Windows platform3.Basic knowledge of image processing and computer vision algorithms.4.Basic knowledge of DeepLearning platforms and algorithms.5.Good communication skill, fluent oral and written English or Japanese.","Sony IntroductionSony Group Corporation is a creative entertainment company with a solid foundation of technology. Across its six business segments - Game & Network Services; Music; Pictures; Entertainment, Technology & Services; Imaging & Sensing Solutions; and Financial Services - Sony's purpose is to fill the world with emotion through the power of creativity and technology.","Responsibilities :1. Be responsible for computer vision related algorithm research and application development. Include but not limited to develop and optimize CE/autonomous vehicles/smart factory software function modules."|"Leadership","Project Management","Software Development","Teamwork","Time management","Innovation","Leadership","Teamwork","Algorithms","C++","Communication","Computer Vision Algorithms","Deep learning","Image Processing","Creative Solutions","Innovation","Algorithm Research","Application Development","Computer Vision"
"Spotify_Backend_Engineer_Audiobooks"|"As a Backend Engineer on this team, you will be instrumental in shaping the future of Spotifys Audiobooks business. You will help Audiobook creators to engage with their fans by ensuring magnificent user experience with our Spotify for Authors (SFA) creator tool and ingestion of audiobook metadata to our platform and partners, optimizing speed, quality, and flexibility. By demonstrating your backend expertise, you will contribute to the scalable architecture and tools that drive this growing segment."," Design, build, and optimize systems to support the seamless user experience, processing, and ingestion of audiobook content. This includes enabling the scalable addition of new content types and publisher-provided assets and metadata."," Take ownership of adding new features, improving and maintaining Spotify for Authors (SFA) product, our creator tool that enables Audiobook creators to connect with their fans and grow their business."," Work closely with engineers, product managers, and designers to solve complex challenges, deliver innovative features, and ensure flawless integration between the backend, frontend, and distribution pipelines."," Write clean, maintainable, and testable code, chipping in to the teams operational excellence and scalability, while mentoring junior staff to grow their technical expertise."," You have professional experience working with backend technologies such as Java and/or Python. You are familiar with modern cloud platforms, preferably GCP, and tools like Docker for containerization."," You are passionate about delivering end-to-end experiences and care about software architecture across the frontend, backend, and the APIs that glue them togetherYou have hands-on experience with relational and non-relational databases, including schema design and query optimization."," Contribute to the foundation marketing technologies of SFA that includes the end-to-end design, implementation and delivery of the product. This will enable our user engagement with our product and also help them grow their audience and business."," Take responsibility for system uptime, identifying and addressing bottlenecks to maintain high availability, even during periods of high activity or team transitions."," Author and review technical RFCs to document approaches and cultivate shared understanding across teams."," Share your expertise to establish and uphold backend standard methodologies, enabling the team to scale successfully while leading a larger scope and immediate goals."," You understand distributed systems and have experience designing scalable, reliable architectures."," You are interested in and/or familiar working with modern web technologies such as Javascript, React, TypeScript, or Next.js"," You are passionate about building high-quality systems and take pride in ensuring they perform at scale."," You have excellent communication and collaboration skills, ensuring alignment across multi-functional teams."|"Backend development","Innovation","Scalable architectures","Tooling","Content Processing","Efficiency","Innovation","Problem Solving Skills","Scalability","System Design","User experience (UX)","Improvement","Maintaining software applications","Product development","Collaboration","Innovation","Problem Solving Skills","Clean Code","Mentorship","Technical leadership","Backend development","Cloud platforms","Containerization","Docker","GCP","Java","Python","Database management","non-relational databases","Query optimization","Relational databases","schema design","Software architecture","end-to-end design","Implementation","Identifying bottlenecks","System uptime management","Technical leadership","Backend Standard Methodologies","Leadership","Scalability","Distributed systems","Scalable architectures","JavaScript","Next.js","React.js","TypeScript","High-quality systems","Performance at scale","Collaboration","Communication"
"Spotify_Backend_Engineer_Data_Platform"|" Participate in scaling systems while collaborating with teammates, stakeholders, and leaders. Gain hands-on experience in understanding user workflows to create tools that improve data quality, observability and reliability."," Engage in hack days, hack weeks, and community events to learn, share, and grow. Contribute to a team culture that values respect, collaboration, and playfulness."," Join a company that values innovation, iteration, and inclusivity, providing reasonable accommodations for those who need them."," You enjoy breaking down complex technical problems and iterating quickly, taking ownership from ideation to production."," Your skills include Java, and a strong understanding of systems design, data structures, and algorithms."," Build and maintain backend services and data pipelines used by thousands of engineers and data practitioners."," Bonus: Experience with Scala or collaborating with data engineers to build impactful tools and pipelines."," You are curious and customer-focused, excited to work closely with internal teams and open-source communities to build reliable solutions."," You thrive in an environment where engineers are empowered to solve meaningful problems with autonomy."|"Collaboration","Data Quality","Observability","Reliability","Scalability","User workflows","Collaboration","Team collaboration","Teamwork","Accommodations","Innovation","Iteration","Problem Solving Skills","Algorithms","Data structures","Java","System Design","Backend services","data pipelines","Collaboration","Data Engineering","Pipelines","Scala","Tooling","Collaboration","Customer needs","Autonomy"
"Spotify_Data_Scientist_Audiobooks"|" Forge Collaborations: Partner with Product, Business, Engineering, and Design teams to develop and implement strategies that drive our mission forward."," Unlock Insights: Perform comprehensive analyses on user behavior, product usage, and market trends to uncover actionable insights that inform product development, drive user engagement, and enhance overall product experience."," Proven experience in a product insights role, analyzing complex data using SQL, Python, or R. Degree or equivalent experience in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, or another quantitative field."," Define Success: Craft and refine key performance metrics that measure the impact of product features and mission progress."," Build Analytics Layers: Develop new datasets, features, and reports that provide fresh insights into user behavior and creator interactions."," Visualize Insights: Design and develop dynamic visual dashboards that enable real-time monitoring of vital metrics and empower partners with self-service data exploration tools."," Communicate Impact: Masterfully communicate your findings and recommendations to stakeholders, influencing decision-making."," Modeling and statistical knowledge, such as forecasting, AB-testing, or feature engineering for machine learning (preferred)."," Experience in the book publishing industry, consumer-facing digital apps, or other media, entertainment, or technology fields (highly valued)."," Proficient in crafting insightful dashboards using Tableau or Looker Studio. Excellent communication skills with the ability to build positive, productive relationships with colleagues."|"Collaboration","Implementation","Strategic planning","Data analysis","Innovation","Product development","Analytical skills","Compute technologies","Python","Quantitative analysis","SQL","Statistics","Key Performance Metrics","Analytical skills","Data visualization","Data exploration","Design","Development","Real-time Monitoring","Visual Dashboards","Communication","A/B testing","Feature engineering","Forecasting","Machine learning","Modeling","Statistical Knowledge","Measurement techniques","Excellent Communication Skills","Tableau"
"Spotify_Junior_Backend_Engineer"|"We are working together in autonomous teams that take full responsibility for their own part of the Spotify ecosystem, including writing code with high standards, hosting our services in Google Cloud Platform, monitoring our services, measuring quality, and guaranteeing service reliability. You will join a team where everyone shares a common interest in distributed backend systems, their scalability and continued development. Together we try to find new ways to create a phenomenal Spotify experience for all our users across the globe."," Design, develop and deploy backend services with a focus on high availability, low latency and scalability"," Build and operate infrastructure, toolset and deployment pipelines Collaborate closely with other engineers in the team and product area and also across Spotify (our group of stakeholders is wide and diverse) and become a valued member of our team"," Work in an environment that supports your individual growth Continuously improve our product by innovating on the service and being close with other development and product teams"," You hold a degree in computer science or similar subject and have at least 1+ years of working experience in a similar backend engineering position"," You are able to reason about trade offs of different databases and preferably have hands on experience with SQL and No SQL ones"," You are interested in keeping up with current best practices in your areas of expertise You are comfortable working with modern infrastructure and tools"," You are comfortable running your software in Linux environments You know and care about sound engineering practices like continuous delivery, defensive programming and automated testing"," Take operational responsibility for the services that are owned by your team, including taking part in an on-call and goalie rotation"," You are comfortable designing, implementing and maintaining systems with Java in symbiosis with a handful of other languages when needed (e.g Python, Scala) and know what clean code is"," Our engineers are T-shaped, which means being capable of using the right technology as a tool when needed. If you have some data engineering experience or are keen to learn it - thats a bonus!"," You enjoy seeing millions of users running your code You have a good understanding of data structures and algorithms"|"Backend development","Collaboration","Continuous development","Google Cloud Bigtable","Google Cloud SQL","Innovation","Java","Python","Quality assurance (QA)","Reliability","Service Monitoring","Availability","Backend services","Low latency","Programming","Scalability","Collaboration","Deployment Pipelines","Infrastructure Building","Teamwork","Collaboration","Innovation","Teamwork","Backend development","Quality assurance (QA)","Databases","Knowledge sharing","NoSQL","Reasoning","SQL","Modernization","Teamwork","Automated tests","Continuous Delivery (CD)","Defensive programming","Linux","Quality focus","Operational Responsibility","Clean Code","Design","Implementation","Java","Maintaining Systems","Python","Scala","Data Engineering","Algorithms","Data structures"
"Tesla_Security_Engineer"|"We are hiring a Security Engineer to fortify the platform that powers our Energy IoT applications. These applications provide real-time monitoring, optimization, control for our flagship Tesla Energy products: Powerwall, Megapack, Solar Roof, Supercharger, Autobidder, and Virtual Power Plants. Security Engineering builds and operates tools to enhance the security and reliability of our energy software platform and infrastructure, including web applications, APIs, and embedded devices. If you enjoy CTFs, finding new vulnerabilities, and proving the correctness of software systems, and you want to help safeguard our systems, this position is for you. Come secure the path that accelerates the world's transition to sustainable energy."," Collaborate with Engineers to develop secure and reliable services Conduct penetration tests against Tesla software and systems"," Develop automated systems to help spot known security exposures, including fuzzing, sanitizers, model checking, and supply-chain validation"," Maintain the values of the team which include engineering excellence, curiosity, a bias for action, self-awareness, inclusivity, and vulnerability"," Proficient in at least one systems programming language, such as Rust, C++, Java, Go, etc. Experience in secure architecture design"," Participate in security reviews, threat modeling, risk analysis, and security solution design Audit source code for security vulnerabilities, track remediation efforts, and ensure timely resolution of vulnerabilities"," Strong experience in penetration testing Strong experience in auditing code and features using automated tools"," Excellent communication skills"|"C","C++","Cybersecurity","Innovation","NoSQL","Python","Reliability","Security","Software testing","SQL","Collaboration","Penetration testing","Security","Automation","Develop automated systems","Fuzzing","Modeling","Sanitizers","Security","Supply-chain validation","Teamwork","Vulnerability","C++","Golang","Java","Programming","Rust","Secure architecture design","Security","Remediation","Risk analysis","Security reviews","Security solution design","Source code auditing","Threat modeling","Timely resolution","Vulnerability tracking","Auditing code","Penetration testing","Excellent Communication Skills"
"Tesla_Software_Compliance_Engineer"|"To ensure Teslas overall mission of accelerating the worlds transition to sustainable energy, the Tesla Energy team is bringing our world leading battery technology to the grid.Tesla is leveraging its breakthrough firmware, electronics, test, and manufacturing capability to develop and deploy grid connected energy storage system at residential, industrial, and utility levels. Tesla Energy compliance team is looking for an amazing software engineer who is passionate to build grid interoperability control and configuration software for residential and industrial energy products such as Powerwall, Solar Inverter, or Megapack. We emphasize collaboration in our work, and always encourage each other to have fun while we are changing the world together."," Real-world experience with systems languages (e.g. C, C++, Rust, golang, Java, C#) Experience with Matlab and Simulink modeling and simulation"," Experience with a scripting language (e.g. Python) Experience with SIL/HIL/Integration testing Understanding of power system, power quality, and measurement techniques such as digital and analog logging equipment, sampling rate and measurement accuracy"," Experience with embedded environments/protocols, web development, data analysis/data science tools"," Experience translating standards to firmware/software implementations Strong interpersonal and communications skills"," Review and interpret specifications and requirements Develop controls and features in product firmware and software"," Implement testing and validation against software models and physical units Support test validation and debugging in the laboratory"," Communicate priorities with key stakeholders in alignment with business priorities Support field escalations"," Collaborate with the cross functional development teams to design, build and validateWhat Youll Bring Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent experience"," Experience developing highly available mission-critical applications and corresponding test suites"|"C++","Collaboration","Firmware Development","Innovation","Java","NoSQL","Python","SQL","Test Engineering","C","C#","C++","Golang","Java","Matlab","Modeling","Modeling and simulation","Programming","Rust","Simulation","Simulink","System Design","Data analysis","Measurement techniques","Power quality knowledge","Power system knowledge","Python","SIL/HIL/Integration testing","Testing","Data analysis","Embedded environments/protocols","Web development","Communication","Firmware Development","Interpersonal Skills","Software architecture","Standards Implementation","Development","Firmware Development","Software architecture","Debugging","Testing","Validation","Communication","Prioritization","Stakeholder Management","Compute technologies","Testing"
"Tesla_Software_Engineer_Firmware"|"As a member of the Firmware Platforms team, you will be responsible for delivering high quality embedded code running on the processors at the heart of Tesla products. Join a team of engineers building the most robust and reliable embedded systems using cutting-edge software development tools and practices. You will solve some of the most challenging problems in embedded software and change the way the world produces electric vehicles and delivers energy. At Tesla, you will develop and maintain the core infrastructure that enables Over-The-Air updates for Tesla's embedded components."," Deliver high-quality C code in a real-time embedded environment Specify, design, and implement new functionality for embedded subsystems"," Hands-on hardware bring-up, system debugging, and code optimization  Make performance and optimization trade-offs to meet product requirements"," Experience in embedded development in robotics, real-time controls, or system software Proficiency in C"," Fluent in software fundamentals including software design for maintainability Experience with embedded microprocessor toolchains and debuggers"," Controls software and algorithm development Test-driven development and familiarity with developer-driven automated testing"," Ability to collaborate and communicate complex technical concepts Understanding of physics and basic electronics principles, preferred"," Experience with at least one assembly language, preferred Familiarity with static analysis, fuzzing, or other advanced testing/verification tools, preferred"|"Embedded Software Development","Innovation","Software Development Tools","C","Design","Embedded systems","Implementation","Real-time embedded environment","Software Development","Analytical skills","Code optimization","Hardware design","Performance and optimization trade-offs","Problem Solving Skills","System debugging","C","Embedded Development","Programming","Real-time Controls","robotics","Software Systems","Debugging","Embedded microprocessor","Embedded systems","Software Design","Algorithm Development","Automated tests","Software Development","Test-driven Development","Collaboration","Communication","Assembly Language","Fuzzing","Knowledge sharing","Static Analysis","Testing/Verification Tools"
"Tesla_Software_Engineer_Recruiting"|"Were hiring a driven Software Engineer to design and build end-to-end applications for the Recruiting organization. This role would collaborate with a diverse range of stakeholders, improving functionality through ongoing user testing and development. The ideal candidate will possess the curiosity to solve difficult problems and the talent to bring solutions to reality. As a key member of our team, this person will take charge of the entire application development process, focusing on designing architecture, writing reliable code, enhancing existing functionality, and delivering new features."," Experience with a statically typed language; experience with GoLang is preferred Experience with JavaScript/TypeScript; experience with Vue is preferred"," Experience with SQL Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts, good at solving complex technical problems"," Collaborate closely with stakeholders to transform ambiguous problem statements into clear objectives, developing applications to drive improvements for internal processes"," Design, code, deliver, and maintain web experiences end-to-end Integrate internal & external applications into a comprehensive recruiting system"," Optimize code for performance, stability, and maintainabilityWhat Youll Bring Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent experience"," Experience using common design patterns; high standards for code quality, maintainability, and performance"," Experience creating, maintaining, and shipping web applications is preferred"|"Collaboration","Creative Solutions","Design","Enhancing existing functionality","Leadership","Problem Solving Skills","Golang","JavaScript","TypeScript","Vue","Compute technologies","Problem Solving Skills","SQL","Collaboration","Problem Solving Skills","Design","Maintaining software applications","Web development","Maintaining software applications","Optimization","Performance","Code quality","Design Patterns","Maintaining software applications","Performance","Web Applications"
"Yahoo_Frontend_Software_Dev_Engineer"|"A Lot About You: We are looking for an experienced engineer who works well in a cross-functional environment designing and developing world class systems and solutions for our users and our partners. This role will work directly with engineering peers, data scientists, product managers, and designers to expand our growing catalog of product offerings. This role will be directly responsible for building, maintaining, and iterating on the underlying systems needed to deliver commerce products. Our commerce product platform will integrate seamlessly within our existing ad ecosystem to continue to deliver results for our partners and further optimize our user experience."," Collect, analyze and convert data into engineering and business insights Work with Business and Product teams to conduct research, and develop systems that support ongoing innovations and discover strategic opportunities"," Performing code reviews for your peers where you will be learning from and contributing to collaborative working models"," Tackling hard engineering and user experience problems and solving them in an elegant and seamless manner"," Working with engineering team members to explore and create interesting solutions while sharing knowledge amongst the team"," Collaborating with user experience designers, product managers, and other engineers to deliver new products, features, enhancements, platform improvements and bug fixes"," Advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related fields preferred You enjoy working with a strong, cross-functional, and sometimes cross-geography team of engineers and data scientists, and you are passionate about working with our business and product teams to turn ideas into products"," You love coding and experimenting with new technologies You always think positively, have a can-do attitude, and focus on "getting stuff done" with quality"," People like to work with you because you're a fast learner, a capable engineer, and a responsible team player"," Strong interests in building large-scale distributed systems Experience in online advertising serving systems, large-scale data processing, and complex ad hoc analyses"," Deep functional knowledge or hands on design experience with Web Services (REST, etc ..) Experience building web products end-2-end with a deep understanding of web principals"," Develop highly performant web and system applications that are validated by strong unit tests, continuous integration testing, and regression tests"," Support our applications in production, including working with our Support, Operations, and Product teams to minimize the incident impact on our business"," Responsible for the definition, design, development and timely completion of major new features in current and future products"," Recommend alternative approaches to solving complex problems and use new technologies to achieve goals"," You are an outstanding software engineer with significant experience building and maintaining complex software systems and/or web applications"," Experience in the following technologies (or equivalent); Node.js, React.js, CSS, HTML, Yaml, Marko, TypeScript"," Experience with the following technologies (or equivalent); PHP, Python, Java"|"Collaboration","Cross-functional collaboration","Efficiency","Innovation","Analytical skills","Business operations","Data analysis","System Development","Code Review","Collaboration","Design","Problem Solving Skills","Collaboration","Knowledge sharing","Team collaboration","Collaboration","Product Management","Teamwork","Quality focus","Teamwork","Ad hoc analyses","Analytical skills","Data processing","Large-scale systems","REST APIs","Web development","Web Services","Continuous integration","Regression Testing","Unit testing","Support Applications","Design","Development","Problem Solving Skills","Software Systems","Web Applications","CSS","HTML","Node.js","React.js","TypeScript","Yaml","Java","PHP","Python"
"Yahoo_Software_Dev_Engineer"|"Who Were Looking For- Junior Software Engineer We hire engineers who love the web, but can see its cracks and its future, too. We look for people who are exceptionally who are exceptionally imaginative, collaborative, and truly excited about tech. Our DSP Reporting team is currently looking for talented full-stack engineers to design, implement, and support robust, scalable, and high-quality reporting solutions","Your Responsibilities Develop and enhance a state-of-the-art reporting and analytics platform. Build intuitive front-end UIs for reporting and analytics using React."," Collaborate with designers and developers to define and deliver new features. Participate in system architecture reviews, code reviews, performance tuning, and production support."," Proven ability to build and maintain large-scale systems. Strong coding skills with a focus on clean, efficient, and scalable production code."," Experience with public clouds (AWS or GCP). Familiarity with Kubernetes. Knowledge of MongoDB, Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ, or Apache Druid."," Develop microservices to power reporting and analytics solutions. Write clean, maintainable, and performant code, including unit tests and refactoring when needed."," Own and deliver projects ranging from small must-do tasks to large-scale initiatives. Influence technical direction, best practices, product decisions, and team processes. Your voice matters!","What You Bring: Experience in fast-paced, highly technical environments. Strong knowledge of JavaScript and React."," Proficiency in Java or Scala. Good understanding of SQL / NoSQL databases. Experience with the Spring Framework."," Excellent communication, interpersonal, and problem-solving skills. Passion for data and analytics, with a drive to build products that users cant live without."|"Collaboration","Innovation","Teamwork","Technical leadership","Analytical skills","Development","React.js","Reporting","Software Development","Code Review","Collaboration","Performance optimization","System architecture","Teamwork","Coding skills","Efficiency","Large-scale systems","Production code","Apache Druid","Cloud computing","Database management","Elasticsearch","Kubernetes","MongoDB","Public clouds","RabbitMQ","Clean Code","Microservices","Refactoring","Unit testing","Product Decisions","Teamwork","Technical leadership","JavaScript","React.js","Java","NoSQL","Scala","Spring Boot","SQL","Communication","Interpersonal Skills","Problem Solving Skills"
